Mike is kicking the soccer ball away from Jenny. Jenny is chasing Mike to get the ball. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike kicks the ball to Jenny. Jenny will try to catch the ball. The owl sits in the tree. 
The sun is partly behind a tree. Mike is angrily kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is crying as she plays with Mike. 
Mike has a gold crown. The soccer ball is high in the air. Jenny is scared of the lightning. 
There is a viking hat on the playground toy. Jenny is running to get the ball from Mike. Mike does not want to share the ball with Jenny. 
Mike has a soccer ball on his foot. Jenny is jumping up and down. The apples in the tree are red. 
Jenny & Mike are playing soccer together. Jenny is crying because she doesn't like soccer. Mike is happy to be playing with his friend Jenny again. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. It is a sunny day. 
Mike has on sunglasses. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike kicked the soccer ball. 
Mike misses the ball. Jenny runs after the ball. Jenny yells at Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox Jenny is standing next to the bucket Jenny is waving to the owl 
Jenny stood in the sandbox. Mike was playing in the sand. The owl wanted to play in the sand with the kids. 
Mike is waving to the owl. Jenny is scooping sand. The owl is in the tree. 
Mike and Jenny play in the sandbox. Mike is holding the mustard. Mike has a tennis racket. 
Mike and Jenny are standing in the sandbox. There is an owl in the apple tree. Mike is worried about the owl. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. Mike is standing next to the sand box. The pail is sitting next to the sand box. 
the owl is in the tree Jenny is waving at Mike Mike is sitting next to the sandbox 
The owl is in the pine tree. There is a bucket by the sandbox. Jenny is kicking sand at Mike. 
Mike is very shock. jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny stand in the sandbox Mike is trying to play with the owl Jenny is playing with her bucket 
Jenny and Mike look angry at each other. There is a pie near Jenny. There is a beach ball near Mike. 
Jenny has a pie. Mike is looking at Jenny. Mike is standing beside the swing. 
Jenny is very mad. Jenny is holding a pie. Jenny is in the sand-box. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is very angry. Jenny is holding a pie 
Jenny is sitting by a pizza. Jenny baked a pie. Mike is running around. 
Mike wants the pie. Jenny is waving at something. The duck is walking away from the table. 
Jenny won't share her pie. Mike wants Jenny's pie. The dog sees the duck. 
Mike is angry because he wants the pie. The hot air ballon is high in the sky. It is a cloudy day today. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is holding a baseball bat. Mike and Jenny are angry. 
Jenny is holding the pie. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sad because he wants the pie. 
There is lightning coming from the cloud. There are apples on the tree. Mike kicked the soccer ball. 
Mike kicked the ball. A dog is looking at Mike. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Lightning is striking. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The dog is near the apple tree. 
Lighting strikes the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a hat. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The bubble bee ride is under the apple tree. No one is playing in the sand box. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is standing next to an apple tree. A storm cloud is in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is afraid of the storm. Jenny has a red bucket. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Lightning strikes by the soccer ball. Mike looks surprised by the lightning. Jenny looks angrily at the lightning. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is very surprised. A soccer-ball is on the grass. 
The hotdog is on the picnic table. The ketchup is on the picnic table. The tennis ball is beside the dog. 
The cat is looking at the hot dog. The ketchup and the hot dog are on the table. Lightning is coming from the cloud. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. There is a hot dog on the picnic table. The cat is sitting by the picnic table. 
The cat sat on the table. The hotdog was next to the ketchup on the table. The cat  hotdog and ketchup were sitting on the table. 
Mike is standing by the pit. The cat is sitting by the tree. The table is sitting by the tree. 
The cat is on the table. The hot dog is in front of the cat. Mike and Jenny have went home. 
The hot dog is on the table. The cat is behind to the table. The ketchup is on the table. 
The cat is sitting by the table. The hot dog is sitting on the table. The pit is by the table. 
It is a sunny day. The cat is sitting alone. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike is angry because Jenny is running away. The hot dog is on the table. The cat is looking at the hot dog. 
Owl watches Mike and Jenny play. Mike and Jenny play in the sun. Mike and Jenny play with a beach ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing balls in a sunny day Jenny is standing next to a swing a bird is sitting on a tree. 
Jenny is sad because she dropped the ball. Mike is jumping in the air. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with a beach ball. Jenny is standing beside a sandbox. Mike is standing in front of a swing set. 
Mike threw the beach ball. Mike and Jenny are playing catch. Jenny is going to catch the beach ball. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. The sun is directly over Mike's head. 
The duck is next to the snake. Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike & Jenny have new sunglasses. Mike & Jenny play kick the ball. Mike & Jenny are having fun. 
Mike is catching the beach ball. The brown dog is next to Jenny. It is sunny today. 
Jenny is kicking a beach ball. Mike is preparing to catch the ball. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny gives Mike his pirate hat. The dog wants to play with the beach ball. Mike sees his dog has followed him to the park. 
Jenny is the captain of the yard. The dog is protecting Jenny. Mike sees danger ahead of Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a black hat. Jenny is wearing a vikings hat. a beach-ball is near a dog. 
The dog is standing near the ball. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny's hat has horns. 
Jenny is excited to see her friend. The dog waits for them to play. It is a sunny day outside. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. A dog is standing by a beach ball. Mike is sitting beside Jenny. 
Jenny and mike are angry at the dog. The dog is next to the ball. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is telling Mike a story. The dog is next to the ball. Mike has a pirate's hat. 
A dog balances a ball on its nose. Mike is startled by Jenny's shout. Jenny is happy to see Mike scared. 
Mike is upset and waving his arms. Jenny is angry and kicked the beach ball. Mike has on a pirate hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. Jenny and Mike are having fun. The sun is shining brightly in the park. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is playing with mike. A duck is standing in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
The man in the ballon is waving in the sky. Mike throws the frisbee to Jenny. The cat is happy sitting by the sandbox. 
Jenny is throwing the frisbee. Mike is catching the frisbee. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike threw the Frisbee. There is a riding toy beside the tree. The hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is catching the Frisbee. Jenny threw the Frisbee. There is a balloon in the park. 
Jenny is tossing a frisbee to Mike. Mike is playing frisbee with Jenny. Jenny is standing in front of a tree. 
Jenny is throwing the frisbee to Mike. The snake is in between Jenny and Mike. The baseball is on the ground. 
Jenny throws the frisbee. Mike tries to catch the frisbee. There is a cloud in the sky. 
The snake is chasing Jenny and Mike. Jenny is afraid of the snake. The snake is green and big. 
Mike is wearing a hat. A snake is standing behind Jenny. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is running from the snake. Mike is sitting next to the football. The tree is behind Jenny. 
The snake chases after Jenny. Mike yells at the snake. Jenny runs away from the snake. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Jenny runs from the snake crying. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
A snake is behind Jenny. A picnic table is beneath the tree. Jenny is sad  but Mike is surprised. 
The snake is behind Jenny. There is a thunderstorm. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Jenny is running away from the snake. Mike is afraid of the snake. Jenny is holding a pink shovel. 
Mike is sitting down. The dog is next to Mike. Jenny is being chased by the snake. 
Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Jenny is running from the snake. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is sitting on the grass with a drink. Jenny is running around to get exercise. There is a helicopter flying near the park. 
Jenny wants to play tennis. Mike does not have a tennis racket. The cat is sitting under the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny has a racket. 
Jenny wants to play tennis. Mike is petting a cat. The cat thinks tennis is boring. 
Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny has a tennis racket. Mike and Jenny are happy to be playing. 
Mike and Jenny are playing tennis at the park. It's is sunny outside today. They are having a lot of fun together. 
Jenny wants to play tennis. Mike waves at Jenny. Jenny wears sunglasses. 
A disc is on the ground. Jenny has a tennis racket. Some food is on the grill. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny wants to play tennis. 
Mike's hat has a white star on it. Jenny is playing with a tennis ball. Mike and Jenny are happy playing together. 
Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. Mike kicks the football high. The big balloon is red and yellow. 
Mike is going to kick the football. Jenny is afraid to catch the football. The dog is by the tree. 
Jenny is holding the football. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
The dog is watching Jenny throw a football. Mike is waiting to catch the football. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
Jenny was happy to play with the football. Mike doesn't want a girl to play with his football. Mike had his dog in the park. 
jenny is very shock. Mike is near a dog. Mike is playing football. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with a football. There is one cloud in the sky. The dog watches Jenny and Mike play. 
Jenny is near a duck. Mike is near a dog. Mike and jenny are playing. 
A hot-air balloon has landed in the distance. Mike kicked the football. Jenny is going to catch the football. 
The hot-air balloon is flying in the sky. Mike and Jenny are throwing a football. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
jenny has on a hat. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is near a slide-set. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. It is raining at the park. The pail is by the slide. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Jenny is standing in the rain. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Jenny is angry because it is raining. The cat is under the tree. The tree is very big. 
It is rainy in the park. Jenny wants to go home now. Jenny was playing on the slide. 
Jenny is holding a baseball. Jenny is running. It is about to rain on Jenny. 
Jenny dropped the basketball. Rain is dropping from the cloud. The cat is watching Jenny. 
It is raining over the slide. The slide goes into the sand box. Jenny is by the apple tree. 
Jenny is very surprised. Jenny is near a bee. Jenny is near a slide. 
Jenny is unhappy because it's raining. Jenny has some balloons with her at the park. Jenny is swinging at the park when it begins to rain. 
Jenny is sitting down to catch the baseball. Mike has hit the baseball with a bat. A cloud is beginning to cover the sun. 
Mike and Jenny were playing baseball. Jenny wants to take a time out. Mike wants Jenny to throw the baseball. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. The airplane is flying near the sun. Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. 
Mike and Jenny are startled by the airplane. The orange cat watches Mike and Jenny play baseball. Mike hits the ball to Jenny who is ready to catch it with her glove. 
Jenny has sunglasses on. The sun is out. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Mike and Jenny like to play baseball. Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny throws the baseball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike and Jenny are running to the baseball. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is wearing the glove. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Jenny threw the baseball. Mike is running for the ball. Mike and Jenny play by the tree. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is holding a ball and a mitt. Mike and Jenny are both happy. 
Mike is excited to have pizza for lunch. Jenny decorated the picnic table with balloons. Jenny brought a picnic to the park. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. The pie is on the table. Jenny is going to eat the pizza. 
Jenny is standing by the pie. Mike is standing by the pizza. The food is on the picnic table. 
Mike is standing by the table. Jenny is holding the pizza. The pie is on the table. 
Mike and Jenny have pizza. Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike has on a blue shirt. 
There is a picnic table with food. Mike and Jenny are happy to see the food. The beach ball is indifferent. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. The pie is on the table. 
Jenny is offering a pizza. Mike is excited about pie. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. 
Jenny is happy  she likes pizza. Mike is wearing a ball cap with a star. Mike wants a piece of pizza. 
Mike waves hello to Jenny. Jenny brought pie for dessert. Mike and Jenny will have a picnic. 
Mike is standing outside the tent. Jenny is scared of the snake. The tree has red apples on it. 
jenny is very surprised. Mike is very happy. Jenny scared of the snake. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the grass. A snake is crawling towards Jenny. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike tries to kick the snake. Jenny is sitting outside the tent. 
There is a green scary snake. Mike is wearing a hat with a star. Jenny is playing with a football. 
Jenny is holding a drink The burgers are on the grill Mike is walking towards the snake 
A rocket ship is in the sky. A snake is beside the campfire. Jenny is sitting beside the tent. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat Mike is scaring a snake away Jenny is waving at the snake 
Mike found a snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. The owl is perched in the apple tree. 
Mike is running towards the snake. Jenny looks scared of the snake. Jenny and Mike are at a campsite. 
A snake is in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is alone at the park with is dog. Mike is scared because there is a snake in the sandbox. Mike is also startled by the lightening. 
Mike is wearing a snow hat. The airplane flys high in the sky. The snake is in the sandbox! 
Mike is scared because he see's a snake near the sandbox. Mike doesn't know if he should cry or run away. The snake is confused  it only wants to play. 
A green snake is in the sandbox. Mike is scared. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
The green snake is in the sandbox. The sandbox is full of sand. The airplane is leaving. 
Mike finds a snake in the sandbox. Mike has thrown his frisbee in the sandbox. Mike is scared of the snake. 
A snake is in the sandbox. A plane flies nearby. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. 
The green snake is wearing a crown. The beach ball is next to the sandbox. Mike saw the snake next to his shovel. 
There is a green snake in the sandbox. Mike is afraid of snakes. The green snake likes Mike's funny hat. 
Mike is scared of the dog A cloud is in front of the sun Mike went down the slide 
Mike slid down the slide. Jenny is going down the slide. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike did not enjoy the slide. Jenny is worried Mike fell. The sun is peeking from behind the clouds. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is wearing a beanie. Someone left the beach ball on the other side of the park. A cloud is in front of the sun. Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Mike fell off the slide and hurt his hand. Jenny was so worried for mike when he fell and hurt his hand. The duck quietly walked away after he pushed Mike down the slide. 
Mike fell off the slide and hurt his leg Jenny is worried of Mike's injuries The slide is red 
Jenny and Mike are sad. Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. 
Mike plays on the slide Jenny runs towards Mike Mike and Jenny are playing under the sun 
Mike slides down the slide. Mike wears sunglasses. Mike loses his ball. 
Mike is sitting by the slide. Jenny is standing by Mike. The sun is shinning. 
Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is holding a baseball. 
Jenny can't place baseball with a racket. Mike wants to slide. Jenny drops the baseball glove. 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Mike is waving to Jenny. The dog isn't playing with Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is holding the racket. Mike is on the slide. The slide is near the tree. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny wants to play tennis. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike is on the slide. A ball is on the ground by Jenny. Jenny is standing by the slide. 
Mike is laying on the slide. Jenny is holding a baseball. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a ball. Mike is very happy. 
Mike is on the slide. Jenny is holding a racket. Jenny is holding a ball. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is holding a racket and a baseball. 
There is lightening and rain in the sky. The swing set has two swings. There is a bucket in the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are not in the park. It is raining and lightning in the park. The swing set is empty. 
There is a bucket in the sandbox. It is raining on the bbq. The swings are empty. 
The swings are empty. The sandbox is empty. Rain is falling from the sky. 
The cat is sitting by the ball. It is raining in the park. The table is next to the swing. 
The park is empty today. No one is playing in the sandbox. It is raining and lightning. 
There is rain and lightning in the sky. There is a pink bucket in the sandbox. The swings are moving from the wind. 
It is raining at the park. It is stormy at the park today. Mike and Jenny went home. 
Rain comes from the cloud There's lightning in the sky a pink pale is in a sandbox 
The pail is in the sand box. The ball is in the sand box. The duck is sitting on the table. 
Mike is looking for the baseball. The hat is on the table. The glasses are on the table. 
An airplane is in the sky. A ball is in the sandbox. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike is playing soccer. The cat is behind the tree. Mike is sad about missing the ball. 
Mike is playing football. Mike is sad that Jenny is not there. The owl is in the apple tree. 
Mike kicked the ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is running by the tree. 
A plane is flying over Mike's head. There is a pink bucket behind Mike. Mike just kicked the soccer ball. 
Mike is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike is holding a pink bucket. Mike is sad his toe hurts. 
Mike is kicking the air. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. There are apples on the tree. 
Mike is kicking the frisbee. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The cat is watching Mike. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the frisbee. The air plaine is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is carrying pizza and a hamburger. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is standing at the grill. 
Jenny brought a pepperoni pizza. Mike is sitting in the grass. There is a hamburger on the grill. 
Jenny has a pizza and a burger. Mike is not happy. Some food is on the grill. 
Jenny is wearing a golden crown. Mike is wearing a chefs hat. Mike is standing next to the grill. 
There is a pizza and a burger on the table. There are three burgers on the grill. Jenny and the dog are standing together. 
Jenny is standing by the table. Mike is wearing the hat. The pizza is on the table. The pizza is on the table. Jenny is going to eat the pizza. Mike is wearing a red and gray hat. 
Mike is wearing a chef's hat. Lightning is striking near the grill. Jenny is reaching for the pizza. 
having food serving barbecue 
Mike is sad because he wants pizza. Jenny has a hamburger and a pizza. Jenny is keeping food from Mike. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is beside the picnic table. The grill is in front of the picnic table. 
The owl is near the bottom of the tree. The basketball is under the tree. Jenny is watching the owl. 
The owl is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is near the camp fire. The tent is behind the pine tree. 
Jenny is trying to talk to a wizard owl. The wizard owl doesn't care for Jenny. Jenny is very happy to see an owl. 
Jenny gave the owl her wizard hat Jenny is standing next to a tree Jenny is standing next to an owl 
An owl is in the tree. Jenny sits on the picnic table. Jenny is happy. 
Jenny calls the owl Jenny is wearing a viking helmet Jenny holds a pink pale 
An owl is wearing a wizard's hat. A cloud is covering the sun. Jenny is waving to the owl. 
Jenny is happy to see the owl Jenny is wearing a crown Jenny is sitting under the sun 
The owl is wearing a witch's cap. The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is looking startled and waving. 
Jenny is wearing purple hat. A owl is in a tree. A cat is under a tree. 
A cat is playing in the sandbox. Jenny can't play in the sandbox. Mike shows Jenny the cat. 
The cat is a wizard. Jenny is in the rain. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. 
The cat is in the sand box. Mike wore purple sunglasses. Jenny is crying. 
Mike threw the ball. Jenny is running from the cat. The cat is sitting in the sandbox. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is running towards Jenny. The sandbox is under the tree. 
There is a cat in the sandbox. Mike looks happy to see the swings. Jenny looks upset at the cat. 
The cat is in the sand box. The shovel is in the sand box. Mike is sitting by the sand box. 
Jenny is standing under the tree. The cat is in the sandbox. Mike is standing under the sun. 
The cat sits in the sandbox. Mike wants the cat to come to him. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the sand box. The cat is sitting in the sand box. 
Jenny is trying to catch a ball. Mike is by an apple tree. Jenny is near a slide with a cat. 
Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the glove. Mike is holding the ball. 
Mike is in the tree. Jenny throws the ball to Mike. Jenny wears sunglasses. 
Mike is sitting in the tree. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny has a baseball mitt. 
Mike is sitting in the tree. Jenny is worried. A baseball is in the air. 
Mike is sitting in the large tree. Jenny happily tosses the baseball towards Mike. The sun shines brightly above Jenny's head. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing purple shades. Mike is holding a glove. 
Jenny is catching a baseball. The dog is running after Mike. There is a gray cloud in the sky. 
Mike is sitting in the tree. Jenny and Mike are playing catch. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Mike is in the tree. Jenny is going to throw the ball. The table is under the tree. 
Jenny is angry because Mike didn't throw the frisbee to her. Jenny is wearing a grey and red hat. Mike is wearing a hat with a star on it. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky. Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is mad  and Mike is surprised. 
Mike has a colorful hat on. Jenny is very upset. There's a freeze-be behind mike. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. Mike is kicking the frisbee. 
A rain cloud is covering the sun. The cat is getting rained on. Mike is sitting with a Frisbee. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is sitting near the frisbee. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike has a blue hat on. Mike in very surprised. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
A snake is after Mike. Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Mike is sitting on the floor confused. Queen Jenny has been angered. Mike is matching particularly well today. 
Jenny's face is angry. There are toys on the ground. A cat is sitting in the sand box. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is sad today. The owl is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is in front of Mike Mike is beside the table There's a plane above Mike 
The duck is eating the pizza. Mike is wearing a silly hat. The balloons are in the sandbox. 
Mike waves hi to Jenny. The two balls are on the ground. The cloud is raining. 
Mike has on sunglasses. Jenny is holding a frisbee. The owl is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is happy because she wants the balloons. 
Jenny is holding a duck. Jenny is wearing a beanie with a propellor. Jenny is in front of a tree and a slide. 
Jenny is wearing her glasses. Mike is wearing a blue hat. There is an apple tree behind Mike. 
The duck is on Jenny's head. The owl is on Mike's head. Mike is holding a hamburger and soda. 
There is an air balloon in the sky. There is a duck behind Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
The owl is sitting on the swings. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike dances while he wears a witch hat. Jenny laughs at Mike dancing. It is raining  but Jenny and Mike stay outside. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is happy to see Jenny. It is cloudy and rainy today. 
Jenny is standing by the sand box. The dog is standing by the swing. It is raining in the park. 
It is a rainy day. Mike is wearing a winter cap. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing a helicopter hat. Mike is waiving at Jenny. 
Mike is standing by the ball. Jenny is holding the balloonsf. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike is quite happy. Rain is falling from the sky. Jenny is near the slide. 
Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. There are two balls in the grass. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park for a picnic. They want to play in the sandbox. It has started to rain on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike and Jenny are playing in the sand box. The cat is wearing a beanie. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Mike has a baseball bat. The orange cat watches them play. 
Mike sees a cat. There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike and Jenny are in a sandbox. 
Mike is sitting by the sand box. The cat is sitting by Jenny. The pail is sitting next to the sand box. 
The cat is playing in the sandbox. Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny shows Mike the cat playing in the sandbox. 
Mike threw the Frisbee to Jenny. Jenny is going to catch the Frisbee. Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee in the park. 
Mike and Jenny sit in the sandbox. The cat looks at Mike and Jenny. A hot air ballon floats by. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting on the ground. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. Mike has the beach ball. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is standing by the sandbox. 
Jenny wants Mike to play basketball instead. Mike wants to play in the sandbox  not with Jenny. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Jenny is bringing Mike an owl. Mike is waving to Jenny. The sun is behind a tree. 
Mike is standing by the tree. Jenny is holding the owl. Jenny is standing by the table. 
Jenny likes to play with her pet owl. Mike sees an apple pie on the table. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Jenny is holding the owl. Mike wants to play with the owl too. The pie is on the table. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is waving at someone. Jenny s very happy. 
An owl sits on Jenny's arm. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny runs to Mike. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. The soda is on the table. The owl is behind Jenny. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike and Jenny are happy. The sun is behind a cloud. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. Jenny is holding the owl. Jenny is standing by an apple tree. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny Jenny is sad the owl has landed on her arm. Jenny has round purple sunglasses on. 
Jenny is beside the bat. The glove is between Jenny and Mike. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
A tiny rocket flies above the apple tree. Mike laughs as he holds the baseball bat. Jenny waves and laughs at the tree. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Mike threw his glove down. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny and Mike are playing baseball. Mike is sitting with his legs crossed. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is going to be the catcher. The dog wants to play baseball too. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Jenny is touching the grass. Mike and Jenny are done playing baseball. 
The sun is shining. Mike and Jenny are happy that it is not raining. Mike wants to play baseball with Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike is holding a baseball bat. The soccer ball is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. jenny is holding a glove. 
Mike is sitting by Jenny. Jenny is happy with Mike. The hot air ballon is high above. 
Jenny is under the apple tree. Mike is angry at the cat and dog. Mike's pail is by his right foot. 
Mike is talking to the animals. Jenny is waiving at Mike. The apples on the tree are red. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is sitting down with the cat and dog. Jenny is running by the tree. 
The dog is facing Mike. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The rocket is flying over the apple tree. 
Mike cannot find Jenny. Jenny is hiding behind the apple tree. Mike asks the cat and dog where Jenny is. 
Mike cannot find the mustard. Jenny is hiding behind the tree. Mike wonders where Jenny is. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny is hiding behind the tree. Mike is sitting with the cat and dog. 
Jenny is sitting under the tree. The dog and cat are beside Mike. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Jenny is hiding from Mike. Mike is playing with the cat and dog. The plane is in the sky. 
Jenny is running to play with Mike. Mike is telling his dog to go home. Mike threw the Frisbee. 
Jenny is sad because it's raining on the pie. Mike is wearing a blue cap. A lightning bolt is striking from the cloud. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is holding a pie. A hot-dog is on a table. 
There is an apple tree next to Mike. There is a slide behind Jenny. Jenny looks sadly at the pie. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is happy  but Jenny is sad. It is raining on the picnic table. 
Jenny is bringing Mike a pie. Mike is excited to eat the pie. Mike is wearing a blue cap on his head. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses Jenny offers Mike a pie Mike is beside a tent 
Jenny is very angry. Mike is very happy. A pie is on a table. 
Jenny's pie is being rained on. Mike loves thunderstorms. Mike put all the balls under the tree. 
It is raining on the pie. Jenny is sad today. Mike is sitting on the ground wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is not happy. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is bring Mike some pie. Jenny is wearing two hats. A baseball is in a hole in the tree. 
Jenny is carrying a pie. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Jenny made a pie. Mike wants to have a slice. Jenny shares her pie with Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a crown and funny hat Jenny is holding pie Mike wants some of Jenny's pie 
Jenny has baked a pie. Mike loves to eat pie. The owl sits in the tree. 
Mike is carrying a drink. Jenny has a pie. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike is near jenny. A colorful hat is on the table A crown hat is on a table. 
Jenny is holding a pie Jenny is wearing a spinny hat There's a pirate hat beside Jenny 
Jenny brought Mike a pie. The owl watches Mike and Jenny from the tree. Mike is wearing a crown today. 
Jenny has a pie. Mike has a cold drink. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike wants to play Frisbee with his dog. Jenny is happy to see the dog. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is happy to see the puppy. Jenny wears a colorful cap. Mike wears a colorful cap. 
Mike and Jenny are calling the dog over. The pie is on the picnic table. A duck stands by Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. The dog is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a tennis ball. A dog is near mike. 
Mike is standing by the dog. Jenny is standing by the dog. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing fetch with the dog. Jenny is by the apple tree. There are eight red apples on the tree. 
Mike's blue hat fell off. Jenny is jumping. The dog is between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Jenny will share with the brown dog. Mike's blue hat has a white star. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Mike has a hat on. A dog is between Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox. The plane is flying away. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny plays with the orange cat. Jenny wants to play baseball. The orange cat watches Jenny. 
A man is waving at Jenny from his hot air balloon. Jenny is happy that her cat has jumped into the sandbox to play with her. Jenny is happy to be sitting in the shade of two big trees while she plays. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny is playing with the cat. There is a red shovel in sandbox. 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox with a baseball. A sad cat is watching Jenny play with the ball. There is an apple tree next to them. 
The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Jenny has a pirate hat on. A cat is in the sandbox. The bucket is full of sand. 
The cat has a hat on. Some fruit is in the tree. Jenny is in the sandbox. 
Jenny sits in the sanbox. Jenny says hi to the cat. Jenny tries to play with the cat. 
The sandbox is buy the apple tree. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox with a cat. Jenny is not playing with the balls. 
The cat is on the slide. Mike and Jenny like watching the cat play. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. 
The cat is on the slide. Mike and Jenny are wearing glasses. Mike and Jenny are watching the cat. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses. The cat is sitting on the slide. 
Mike and Jenny sit under the apple tree. The cat likes to go down the slide. The tree is full of apples. 
The cat is at the top of the slide. Mike and Jenny are watching the cat. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny look excited about something. The cat is sitting on top of the slide. The balloons floating in the air are pretty. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. The cat is at the top of the slide. The apple tree is behind the swing set. 
The cat is at the top of the slide. Mike and Jenny are sitting at the slide. There is a soda beside Jenny. 
The cat is sitting on the top of the slide. Mike and Jenny laugh at the cat. The slide is near the tree. 
The cat is going to slide. Jenny and Mike are next to each other. The baseball is by Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny see a goose in the park. Jenny brought balloons and a sand pail to play with. Mike brought a soccer ball to play with. 
Mike is sitting by Jenny. The duck is holding the pail. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
The duck is trying to eat sand. Jenny is smiling at the duck. Mike doesn't want the duck to get sick. 
A pink shovel is on the ground. Mike and Jenny want the duck. A duck is looking at the pink pale. 
The helicopter is behind the cloud. The duck is by the kids. The bucket is red. 
Jenny wants to hold the duck. Mike is scare of the duck. There is a sandbox at the park. 
Mike and Jenny want the duck to play. The sand pale is pink. The duck is looking at the sand box. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is very happy. A duck is near mike. 
Mike is talking to the duck. Jenny has pizza in her hands. The pale is full of sand. 
Mike is standing next to Jenny. The duck wants his food The duck food is by the tree. 
The bear is wearing a pirate hat. The bear is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. 
The bear is looking at Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. The bear is next to the campfire. 
Mike and Jenny make a fire. The bear is happy to play today. Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. 
Mike and Jenny are beside the campfire. The bear is scaring Jenny. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Jenny and Mike don't notice the bear. The campfire is under the tree. 
A bear attacks Mike and Jenny. Jenny is scared and screams. Mike tries to fight the bear. 
The bear is growling. The bear is standing beside the campfire. Jenny and Mike are standing by the tree. 
The bear is trying to put out the fire. Mike wants to protect his fire from the bear. Jenny is worried that Mike might get hurt. 
The bear scared Mike. Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny does not look happy. 
Scary Bear scares Mike and Jenny. Mike is scared of the bear. Jenny is happy to see the bear. 
Mike sat crossed legged watching Jenny. Jenny was wearing Mike's baseball hat. Jenny practiced kicking the football. 
The cat is sitting under the apple tree. Jenny is running away with the football. Mike is chasing Jenny. 
Mike kicks Jenny the football. Jenny is ready to catch the ball. A helicopter flies by. 
Jenny kicked the football to Mike. Mike is holding a tennis ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
The sun is in the sky. Jenny and Mike are kicking the football. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Mike is kicking a football to Jenny. There are two trees. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike kicks the beach ball. Jenny wears sunglasses. Jenny is happy for the sunshine. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mike is holding the basketball. Jenny has a tennis ball in her hand. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. A duck is sitting under the tree. Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. 
Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is happy. 
Mike jumped off the swings. Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike is wearing a cap. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is next to the swings. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is holding four balloons. The pink bucket is in the sandbox. 
Jenny wants to share her balloons with Mike. Mike jump off the swing set. Mike was wearing his chefs hat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike came to the park to play with Jenny. 
Jenny is holding some balloons. Mike is wearing a blue cap. Mike is by the swing set. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a kite. Mike is sing in a swing. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses.. Mike is sitting on the swing. Jenny is holding the balloons. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny sees Mike walking. 
Mike angrily holds the baseball in his hand. Jenny runs away with the baseball glove. Jenny runs in front of the tree. 
Mike is holding a base-ball. Jenny is holding a bat. Jenny is very surprised. 
Jenny put her sunglasses on the ground. There is a duck sitting in Jenny's lap. Mike is sad that Jenny isn't playing with him. 
Mike found the baseball. Jenny is surprised. Jenny has a baseball bat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is wearing a hat. 
jenny is near a tree. Jenny is next tp a base-ball. Mike is near a tree. 
Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Jenny looks angrily at Mike. 
Mike throws the baseball. Jenny swings a bat. Jenny is sad. 
Mike is holding a ball. A cat is looking at Mike. An owl is looking at Jenny. 
Jenny is next to the tree. Mike has a baseball in his hand. Mike's hat is on sideways. 
Mike is holding a drink. A cat is sitting on the slide. The sun is shining. 
Jenny is wearing a hat with a star. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a red and white cup. 
Mike is running with a drink. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. The cat is up in a tree. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is near a soccer-ball. mike is holding a soda-can. 
Jenny is riding on a toy. A basketball is sitting beside a toy. Mike is drinking a drink. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting on the riding toy. Mike is running toward Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the toy. Mike is on the table. The cat sees the bird. 
Jenny is playing on the spring toy. Mike and Jenny are happy to see each other. Mike brought a soda to share with Jenny. 
Jenny is riding the bumblebee. Mike is running to Jenny. Mike is holding a soda. 
Jenny is very happy. A cloud is in the sky. Mike is quite angry. 
Mike likes the swings. Jenny is going to the slide. The beach ball is in the grass. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. There is a storm near by. 
Mike is sitting by the swing. Jenny is standing by the snake. Jenny is standing by the slide. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding the balloons. 
There is a snake next to Jenny. Mike is playing with a rocket. Mike and Jenny are sittng in the grass. 
Mike has climbed to the top of the swings. Jenny likes jumping over the slide. Mike is afraid he is going to fall. 
Jenny is jumping into the sandbox. There is a bucket in the sandbox. Mike is standing on the table. 
A bear has jumped out and scared Mike and Jenny. Jenny is so frightened that she has fallen over. Mike is playing catch with the bear. 
Mke is standing Jenny. The cat is sitting by Mike. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. There is air balloon in the sky. There is a picnic table next to Mike. 
Mike is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The cat is sitting by Mike. 
Mike is flying a kite Jenny is in front of an apple tree There's a cat in front of Mike 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The cat is sitting beside Mike. Mike is flying a kite. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The cat came to the park to play. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is holding a baseball. The cat is standing next to Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. Mike and Jenny are playing catch. The kite is flying high in the sky. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny sees a cat beside of Mike. 
Jenny is throwing the baseball to mike. Mike is flying a kite. The cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Mike is flying a colorful kite. The cat is sitting by Mike. Jenny is playing with a baseball. 
Jenny has a baseball. Mike has a kite. A cat is near Mike. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. Mike's hat has horns. 
Mike is climbing the slide. Jenny filled a bucket with sand. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Mike is wearing a hat Jenny is waving at Mike Mike is about to climb the slide 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is wearing a hat. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a blue cap. Jenny is holding out the soccer ball. Mike is next to the pink slide. 
Mike is going to go down the pink slide. The cat is sitting beside the tree. Jenny is drinking a soda. 
Mike is wearing a knitted hat. Jenny is climbing up the slide. The sun is hiding behind the tree. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike is holding an owl. Mike is not happy. 
Mike is climbing up the slide. Jenny is sitting down with sunglasses on. It's a bright sunny day. 
Mike is walking away  because he is angry. Jenny fell off the slide. Mike and Jenny are at the park. 
Mike offers Jenny a hamburger. Jenny smiles and runs to Mike to take the hamburger. Mike cooked hamburgers on a grill. 
Jenny has a silly hat. Mike is making a hamburger. The hamburger is done cooking. 
Mike made Jenny a hamburger. There is a pink shovel in the sandbox. Jenny is really happy. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny is happy to see Mike today. There is a red and yellow hot air ballon in the air. 
The boy is holding a hot dog. The girl is holding a hamburger. The girl is running. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny is next to the slide. Jenny wants  a hamburger. 
Mike is not happy. jenny is very happy. jenny is near a grill. 
Jenny is wearing a ball cap. Mike is cooking hamburgers. Mike is happy to see a hot air balloon. 
Mike is going into the sandbox. Jenny wants to share her burger with Mike. A rocket ship is over Jenny's head. 
Mike is cooking hamburgers. Jenny is very hungry. Jenny runs to grab her lunch. 
Mike has started a fire with magic Jenny says put the fire out Jenny says she will burn the frisbee if he doesn't 
Mike jumped up when he saw a helicopter. Jenny sat to close the the fire. Jenny almost burned her hand on the fire. 
Mike made a campfire. Mike and Jenny wear hats. Jenny is scared of the lightening. 
Jenny slips and falls next to the campfire. Mike conjures a fire in front of him. A baseball bat and glove lay together. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the fire. Mike is standing by the fire. 
Mike made a campfire. Jenny is worried the fire is too big. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike is near a fire. jenny is near mike Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike wore his blue wizards hat. Jenny wants to wear the blue wizards hat. Mike jumped off the ground by the fire. 
Jenny is sad because the ballons are floating away. The camp fire is in the grill. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike made a campfire. Jenny is worried about the campfire. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Jenny showed the cat the slide. Mike wanted the cat to slide down the slide. Jenny was looking for the baseball. 
The cat is watching Mike run to Jenny. Jenny is waiting for Mike to arrive. Mike and Jenny are playing by the slide. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. A cat is sitting between Mike and Jenny. An owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are looking at the cat. The football is next to the picnic table. The cat is orange. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a frisbee. An orange cat is watching Mike and Jenny play. A man in a hot air balloon waves at Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is calling the cat to her. Mike is holding a green tennis ball. The hot air ballon is flying high. 
Mike has a basketball. A cloud is in the sky. Jenny wants the basketball. 
Jenny has a hamburger. Mike is wearing horns on his head. The cat is sitting on the grass. 
Mike dropped the tennis ball. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The cat is watching Jenny. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is shock. A cat is near mike. 
Jenny sees a rocketship in the sky. An owl is perched in the cherry tree. Jenny and Mike are running. 
Mike is very happy. jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is near jenny. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike likes to play soccer. Mike's rocketship is going into space. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The rocket flew away from Jenny and Mike. Jenny is running towards the rocket. 
Mike and Jenny are chasing the rocket. Jenny wants to catch the duck. The duck is under the small tree. 
Jenny and Mike are chasing the rocket. Mike is running with a soda in his hands. Jenny and Mike are running through the park. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. The slide is beside the sandbox. The riding toy is beside the apple tree. 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Mike is holding a baseball mitt. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Mike is behind jenny. Jenny is running from mike. mike is wearing blue. 
Mike and Jenny are in front of the slide. There is a rocket in the air. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. 
Jenny is worried she will not catch the ball. Mike is angry. The airplane is going to fly into the cloud. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is throwing a soccer ball. Jenny is trying to catch the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer together in the park. Mike is wearing a silly  colorful hat. Mike and Jenny are happy to see a big plane fly by. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Mike is standing next to an apple tree. A plane is flying overhead. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. 
A duck joins Jenny and Mike. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny runs after the soccer ball. 
There are red apples in a tree. An airplane flies overhead. Mike is playing with a soccer ball. 
There are toys in the sandbox. Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny has fun playing with Mike at the park. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike likes to play soccer. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is kicking the ball. The plane is flying in the sky. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
The table is under the tree. The mustard bottle is on the table. A kite is in the sky. 
Mike is alone at the park. He sings a song to his pets. The dog and cat like his song. 
Mike is standing by the dog. Mike is holding his hands out to the cat. A plane is flying in the sky. 
The sun is in the sky. Nobody is on the swings. A dog is near a cat. 
Mike looks happy or play with the dog. There is a dog and cat. There is a slid behind Mike. 
Red apples grow on the tree. Mike is happy to see the orange cat. The orange cat watches Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are at the playground. Mike and Jenny are happy. Jenny's cat is sitting on the table. 
The bumblebee is too small for Mike to play on. The dog is near Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. 
Mike is standing next to the dog. The balloon is flying in the sky. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike wants the cat to come to him. The dog is looking at the cat. Mike's hat has a star on it. 
Mike wants Jenny to swing with him. Jenny is afraid of dropping the pie. Jenny is standing by the picnic table. 
Mike is swinging on the swing set. There is a pie on the table. Mike is wearing a hat. 
The hot air ballon is red and yellow. Mike is swinging on the swingset. There is pie and soda on the picnic table. 
There is a pie on the table. Mike is playing on the swing set. The airplane is flying overhead. 
Mike is wearing a hat. A pie and a drink are on the table. Mike is swinging on the swings. 
Mike is playing on the swings. Jenny is holding a pie on the table. She has balloons ready for a party. 
Mike is sitting behind the swing set. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. The pie is on the picnic table. 
Mike is swinging on the swings. There is pie on the picnic table. The table is under the tree. 
Jenny kicked the ball. Mike is on the swing. The big pie is on the table. 
Mike is swinging. Jenny has brought a pie. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny made a pie for the bear. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The bear is happy to see Mike. 
The bear is wearing a pirate hat. Mike and Jenny are laughing at the bear. The bear is not scaring Mike and Jenny. 
A bear is wearing a hat. A bear is holding a tennis racket. A bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is holding the pie. The bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is holding both arms up. The bear is holding both arms up. Mike is holding one arm up. 
The bear was beside the tent. Jenny showed the bear the pie on the table. Mike waved to the bear who was next to the table. 
Jenny is holding a hotdog. Mike is holding a pie. The bear is growling at Jenny. 
Mike is holding the pie. Jenny has a hotball. The bear has the bat. 
Mike is sitting by the pie. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a pie. There is a bear at the park today. Mike has four ballons. 
The snake wants to go into the tent. Mike is trying to catch the snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. 
Mike and Jenny see a snake going into their tent The snake wants to take a little nap Mike and Jenny don't want to nap with a snake 
Mike is running to the tent. Jenny is sitting on the grass. A helicopter is flying by. 
Mike and Jenny are camping. A helicopter is nearby. There is a snake by the tent. 
A snake is crawling towards the tent. A helicopter flies overhead. Mike and Jenny look worried by the snake. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the snake. The snake is crawling into the tent. The helicopter is flying by. 
The snake is entering the tent. There is a helicopter above the tent. Mike and Jenny look shocked. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is motioning the helicopter. The snake is green 
Mike is near a green snake. Jenny is near a tent. Mike is near jenny. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. The snake is going into the tent. Mike is worried about Jenny. 
Jenny is flying a kite Mike thinks the kite is his and feels angry Jenny tells him she bought a kite just like his because she liked it 
Jenny is flying a kite. A frisbee and baseball are on the ground. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is next to the tree. Mike is sitting with a baseball mitt and ball. 
Jenny likes to fly kites. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. The helicopter is flying above the trees. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a hat. They are near the forest. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny has a kite. The cat is under the tree. 
A helicopter has flown out from behind the tree. Mike sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is flying a kite. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is worried the kit is going to crash. There is ketchup on the picnic table. 
Mike is near a swing-set. Jenny is standing on a swing-set. Mike is really worried. 
Mike is mad because he wants the kite. Jenny is flying the kite. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
The owl is standing by a hot dog. Mike is mad at the owl on the table. Jenny wants the owl to leave. 
An owl is sitting on a table. Jenny and Mike have their hands in the air. Mike is wearing a hat. 
An owl is sitting on the grill. Mike and Jenny are mad at the owl. The owl is taking a hot dog. 
The owl is sitting on the barbecue. A hamburger is on the picnic table. Jenny and mike are jumping next to the barbecue. 
Mike was sad the owl at ruined their picnic. Jenny tried to scare away the owl. The owl came to tell Jenny that Mike had to go away. 
Mike is near a table. A owl is on a table. A burger is on  table. 
The owl is on the hamburger. The hamburger is on the grill. There is a ketchup bottle on the table. 
Jenny is sad that the hot dogs are not ready. Mike is trying to scare the owl out of the tree. Mike has on a chef hat. 
Jenny is very sad. Jenny is wearing a crown. A owl is sitting on a table. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. An owl is sitting on the grill. Mike and Jenny are jumping up and down. 
Mike is wearing pink. Jenny is playing with a soccer ball. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. An owl is in the apple tree. The mustard and ketchup are on the table. 
Mike is wearing black sunglasses. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing sunglasses. Jenny has kicked the soccer ball. The dog watches Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. Jenny and Mike are wearing sunglasses. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny play soccer. Jenny has glasses on. A balloon is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. Mike is wearing his sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing black shades. Jenny is near a cat A cat is wearing a blue collar. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. Jenny and Mike are wearing sunglasses. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
There is an air plane in the sky. Mike is kicking the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses today. 
Mike is wearing a blue cap with a white star. It is raining at the park today. There is an owl sitting on the soccer ball. 
mike is very happy. mike is sitting in the grass. mike has on a blue hat. 
There is a raincloud in the sky. The owl is sitting on a soccer ball. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Rain is pouring on the owl. The owl likes to play soccer. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
The owl is on the soccer ball. Mike is wearing glasses. Mike is sitting in the rain. 
An owl is standing on a soccer ball Mike is waving at the owl Mike is wearing a funny hat 
It is raining. Mike is smiling at an owl. The owl is sitting on a ball. 
An owl is sitting on the soccer ball. Mike is smiling at the owl. There are two trees. 
Mike is telling stories to the owl. The owl is sitting on Mike's soccer ball. It is going to rain in the park. 
Mike is sitting under a tree. The owl is sitting on a soccer ball. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses while she plays. A balloon is flying overhead. 
A balloon is in the sky. Jenny is playing with the soccer ball. Mike is kicking his leg. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. Rain is coming out of the cloud. The swingset is by the big tree. 
The owl is on the top of the swing set. Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is running to kick the ball back to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny kick the soccer ball. Jenny wears black glasses. The ball is under the swings. 
Mike is wearing shades. jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. 
Jenny is playing with the soccer ball. There is no one on the swings. There is a pizza on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The soccer is between the swings. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike kicked a soccer ball. There is a football near the swingset. Jenny was waiting to catch the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking a ball back and forth. The mustard is in the grass. The tennis ball is in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are playing ball. The tree has apples on it. 
Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. The cat is watching Jenny. 
Mike is mad because he wants the ball. The ball is in the tree. There is a plane in the sky. 
Mike is trying to catch the ball. Jenny is near the tennis ball and baseball. The dog is near the owl. 
Jenny is in fron of a tree Mike is in front of Jenny Jenny throws the baseball to Mike 
Jenny wants to catch the ball. There is a green snake next to Jenny. Jenny and Mike have an orange Frisbee. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike is throwing the basketball. The cat is watching Mike. 
Mike wants to catch the tennis ball. The cat is on the bee toy. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is angry that he missed the ball. Mike is holding a tennis racquet. Jenny threw the ball to Mike. 
Jenny is happy playing in the park. Mike is mad that he hit the ball to hard. Mike has a tennis racket. 
The duck is by the tent. Mike has a bat. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Mike is going to play baseball. A goose is in the park. Mike is meeting Jenny at the park later. 
Mike is very surprise. A duck is near mike. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike is holding the bat. The duck is looking at Mike. 
Mike is holding the bat. Mike is playing baseball. The baseball is on the ground. 
Mike is holding a bat. A duck is near mike. Mike is holding a baseball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the bat. The duck is standing by Mike. 
Jenny is playing baseball with Mike. Mike has a baseball bat. The duck is walking to Mike. 
Mike tripped on a duck. Jenny throws the ball to Mike. Mike is sad he missed the ball. 
Mike is holding the bat. The balloon is flying in the sky. The duck is standing by Mike. 
The thundercloud is above Jenny Mike is sitting on the table Mike is wearing a blue hat 
Jenny becomes angry at Mike. A dog becomes Jenny's friend. Mike wears sunglasses because the sun is bright. 
Mike is holding the ball. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is sad because she wants the ball. 
Jenny is near an apple tree. Jenny looks very angry. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike is holding a glove. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. Jenny is holding ketchup. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is flying the kite. The dog is watching Mike play. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny does not want to play football with Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses because the sun is bright. 
Jenny is angry that Mike would rather sit on the ground than play with her. Mike is wearing sunglasses and a hat that is far too warm for such a sunny day. Mike's dog loves to go to the park when it is sunny. 
Mike is wearing a funny hat. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Jenny looks angry at Mike. 
Mike is in the sandbox. The owl is in the apple tree. Jenny kicked the soccer ball into the sandbox. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is in the sandbox. A soccer ball is in the sandbox. 
Mike is sitting in a sand-box. Jenny is near a sand-box. A soccer ball is in a sand-box. 
Jenny is outside of the sandbox. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The pail is full of sand. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. An airplane is in the sky. Mike is sad because he wants the soccer ball. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball into the sandbox. The soccer ball knocked over the sand castle. Mike is mad the soccer ball is in the sandbox. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball. Mike is sad. Apples grow on the tree. 
Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny kicked the ball to Mike. The ball rolled into the sandbox. 
Jenny is very upset. Mike is in a sand-box. Mike is near soccer. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny kicked the ball into the sandbox. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny jump for joy. There is a hamburger on the picnic table. The cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is really happy. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. 
A hot-air balloon flies overhead. Jenny is wearing a pirate cap. Mike is wearing a Viking hat and purple glasses. 
There is rain in the sky. Someone is riding in a hot air balloon. A basketball is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. The frisbee is in the grass. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike likes the sun. Jenny likes the rain. They like the ballon. 
A hot air balloon is flying. The sun is yellow. Mike is on his tip toes. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny and Mike are waving to the duck. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is waving to the hot air balloon. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. 
Jenny wears a blue cap. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Mike waves to the hot air balloon. 
Jenny is sitting by Mike. Mike is holding the hot dog. The balloons are sitting on the snake. 
The snake has the balloons. Mike has a pie and a hotdog. Jenny waves at the snake. 
Jenny is waving at the snake. Mike is holding a hot dog. The snake has four balloons. 
Jenny is pretending to be a witch. Mike is eating a hot dog. The snake is using balloons to float. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
The snake is tied to some balloons. Mike and Jenny are happy. The hot dog is next to the pie. 
The snake is wearing balloons. A ball is beside the tree. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. 
The snake is floating away with the balloons. The pie and hotdog are on the yellow picnic table. Jenny is wearing a purple witch's hat. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting in the grass. The snack is holding the balloons. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is really happy. It is raining near Jenny. 
There is an airplane flying by. Mike is watching Jenny. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike is in the sandbox Jenny is in the sandbox A airplane is flying behind Mike and Jenny 
Jenny was doing jumping jacks. Mike sat and watch the airplane. The cloud had lighting and it scared the owl. 
The table is behind the apple tree. Jenny is yelling for Mike. Mike does not want it to rain. 
The lightning is hitting the airplane. The dog is under the tree. Mike watches Jenny jump. 
A duck is eating a hamburger. A plane is struck by lightning. Jenny cheers for Mike who is meditating. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox An airplane gets hit by lightning Mike is afraid of the fire 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a police hat. The plane is flying away. 
A duck is on Mike's head. A cloud is in the sky. Some fruit is on the tree. 
Mike is mad There is a duck on Mikes Head There is a apple tree behind Jenny 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very happy. Jenny has on a blue hat. 
Mike has a funny look on his face. There is a duck on Mike's head. Jenny is about to catch the soccer ball. 
Mike is angry at the duck. The duck is standing on Mike's head. Jenny is standing by the apple tree. 
A bird is on Mike's head. Rain is falling from the sky. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike is angry over the duck on his head. Jenny tries to get the duck to jump to her. Apples grow on the tree. 
Mike is not amused with the duck on his head. Queen Jenny is quite pleased with the duck. An air plane is flying over Mike and Jenny's head. 
Mike is not happy the goose is on his head. Mike worries his dog will chase the goose. Jenny laughs at the goose on Mike's head. 
MIke is angry The duck is on Mikes head There is a tennis ball between mike and jenny 
Mike is enjoying a game of kickball slide. As a airplane hovers pass him  Mike is forever thrilled to be part of the game of kickball slide. Mike is patiently waiting as the ball comes near him during an outing of kickball slide. 
Mike is on a slide. Mike is near a basket-ball. Mike is near a beach-ball. 
Mike is on the slide Mike is happy Mike is wearing a hat 
Mike is climbing the slide. The soccer ball is in front of the slide. Mike is wearing a winter hat. 
Mike should not stand on top of the slide. Mike has Autism and is trying to climb to the hot air balloon in the sky. Mike should not be alone while he plays. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Mike is smiling at the snake. The snake is under the tree. 
Mike is wearing the glove. Mike is standing next to the tree. Mike is throwing the ball. 
Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is holding a baseball mitt. A baseball is at the foot of the slide. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is scared to slide down. The dog wants Mike's ball. 
Mike is getting ready to slide. A baseball is at the bottom of the slide. It is a cloudy day. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a burger. 
Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is playing in the sandbox. Mike wants to give Jenny a hamburger. 
Mike has on a pirate hat. Jenny is at the top of the slide. The sun is shining brightly today. 
Jenny is coming down the slide. Mike has a hamburger. The picnic table is bright yellow. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Mike offers Jenny a hamburger. Jenny brought her pail and shovel to the park. 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is going to eat a hamburger. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Jenny loves to go down the slide. Mike is holding a hamburger. A cat sits by the slide. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike has a bottle of mustard. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike is holding a hamburger. There sky is cloudy. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is sliding down a slide. 
It is raining in the park. The goose stays under the table. The snake will stay dry under the apple tree. 
The snake is under the tree. The helicopter is flying. It is raining by the apple tree. 
The snake is under the table. The duck is under the table. The tableis next to the tree. 
The snake and duck sit under the tree. Rain falls from the sky. Red apples grow on the tree. 
The cloud is raining water. The duck is following the snake. The tree has apples growing on it. 
The snake and the duck are under the tree. There are six red apples on the tree. It is raining at the park today. 
There's a apple tree near a Duck. There's a duck in the grass. There's a green snake in the grass. 
The snake is by the tree. The duck is by the tree. The ball is in the sand box. 
The cloud is raining The tree has apples in it The duck is going into the tent 
Both duck and snake hide under the table. A giant apple tree stands behind the table. Clouds drop rain and lightning behind the trees. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is meditating by the slide. A helicopter is above the slide. 
Mike is at the bottom of the slide. The hot air balloon is in the sky. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike is at the top of the slide. Jenny just slid down the slide. The owl is watching from the tree. 
Mike is about to play on the slide Jenny is running from the slide Jenny is wearing a funny hat 
Mike is on the slide. jenny is next to a yellow table. There is a pie on a yellow table. 
Mike is ready to go down the slide. Jenny is waiting for Mike. A dog is watching Mike and Jenny 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is cheering for Jenny. Mike and Jenny like to play. 
Jenny and Mike have balloons. Mike and Jenny are standing by the slide. A plane is in the sky. 
Mike and jenny are playing with a dog Mike is standing next to a sandbox Mike and Jenny are both happy 
Mike loves to play on the slide. Jenny is waiting to catch Mike. There is a glass on the picnic table. 
The airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny holds the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is playing soccer Mike is angry Jenny is not playing with him The owl is in the tree 
Mr. Snake sneaks by. Jenny and Mike fight. Jenny takes the ball form Mike. 
Jenny is going to kick the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is standing by the apple tree. 
The cat is sitting by Mike. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is not happy because he wants the ball. 
Mike is mad because he wants the ball. Jenny is wearing a crown with red and blue gems. Mike is wearing a red and grey snow hat. 
Jenny holds the soccer ball and looks surprised. Mike is looking angrily at Jenny. The dog watches Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown on her head. Mike and Jenny are angry. A soccer ball is on the ground next to Jenny. 
Jenny is holding the ball. Mike is mad because he wants to play with the ball. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is sitting on the ground. The owl is perched in the tree. 
Mike is wearing a cooking hat Mike is cooking Mike has the ketchup 
Mike is standing next to a barbecue. A small ball is in the sandbox. The sun is out. 
Mike waves to the helicopter. Jenny forgot her soccer ball. Next Mike go on the swings. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Mike is waving at the helicopter. Mike is standing far away from the grill. 
Mike wanted to eat pizza. The ketchup sat next to the pizza on the grill. Mike jumped high in the air. 
Mike is happy to grill. Mike is happy it is sunny out. Mike sees ketchup to use on hot dogs. 
Mike is jumping. Mike is cooking hamburgers. The dog is looking at the duck. 
Mike is holding the mustard. The sun is shinning. Mike is cooking on the pit. 
Mike is wearing the sun glasses. The dog is standing by the pit. Mike is holding the ketchup. 
Mike is wearing a warm hat. Mike is happy to find the mustard and ketchup. The big sun is bright in the sky. 
A bear is chasing away Jenny and Mike. They have left a pie by the campfire. The campfire is by the tree. 
A bear scares Mike and Jenny. There is a fire in front of the tent. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. 
The bear is next to the barbecue. Jenny is acting like a bear. Mike is next to the tent. 
Jenny and Mike are running from the bear. The bear is standing at the tent. There is a campfire made. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very surprise. There is a burger on the grass. 
Mike is surprised at jenny. Jenny is very sad. A bear is near a fire. 
A bear chases Mike and Jenny. Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike runs away quickly. 
The apple tree is behind the bear. The bear is roaring by a fire. Mike is running to Jenny. 
The bear scared Mike and Jenny. The basketball does not go with the racket. The fire Mikes mom built is warm. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. The table is next to the camp fire. There is a cloud in the sky. 
The cat is sitting in a the tree. There is a storm in the sky. Jenny's shoes are black. 
Mike sees a snake. Jenny sees the cat in a tree. The cat sees the lightning. 
There is a cat in the tree. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is afraid of the lightning. 
The cat has climbed into the tree. Mike is pretending to be a pirate. Jenny calls for help when she sees lightening. 
Jenny is near a tent. Jenny is very surprised. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Jenny tells the cat to get out of the tree. Jenny tells the cat it is time to go home. Jenny tells the cat a storm is coming. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. The cat is on the tree. Mike is holdng the frisbee. 
The cat is in the tree. It is lightening. Jenny is standing by the sandbox. 
Jenny is near a tree Jenny is wearing pink. There is a bucket on the grass. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. The cat is sitting on the tree. Jenny is scared of the lightening. 
Mike is holding a cola Jenny is holding a frisbee Mike is wearing a spinny hat 
Jenny is near a green snake. Mike is near a soccer-ball. Jenny is near a beach-ball. 
Rain fell on Mike. Jenny played with the toy rocket ship. The owl sat on Jenny's hat. 
Jenny is standing near the apple tree. Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny has an orange Frisbee. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is catching teh ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. It is raining. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny wants to play on the swings. Jenny is made at Mike. Mike wants to eat cherry pie. 
Mike wants to throw the frisbee to Jenny. Jenny is mad at Mike and doesn't want to play. The slide is near the apple tree. 
Mike is sad because he doesn't have a ball. Jenny is playing frisbee alone. Mike is under the apple tree. 
Jenny has a hat on. Mike is sitting down. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is very happy. A dog is near a grill. 
Mike is calling the cat to come to him. Jenny is jumping in the air. Jenny has mustard for the hot dogs. 
Jenny is holding the mustard. Mike is looking at the grill. Jenny is standing near the table. 
A helicopter is flying above Mike and Jenny. There is an apple tree near Mike and Jenny. The dog is closest to Mike. 
Mike is wearing a winter cap. Jenny is excited about the barbecue. A plane flies overhead. 
Jenny is near a grill. Mike is cooking- hot-dogs. Mike is near a tent. 
mike is very angry Jenny has a attitude. Jenny has on the color pink. 
Jenny is jumping up and down. Mike is very happy. Catsup and mustard are on the picnic table. 
Jenny is making burgers. The fire is by the tent. Mike wants a hamburger. 
Mike is grilling a hamburger. Jenny is excited to eat the hamburger. Mike is upset there is only one burger. 
An airplane is flying above Mike and Jenny. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is cheering Jenny on. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is jumping for joy. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is flying a colorful kite. Jenny is playing with a ball. The airplane will not disturb them. 
Mike is holding a kite. Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike and Jenny are waving to an airplane Jenny is holding a kite Mike throws a  beach ball at the airplane 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is playing with a beach ball. An airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing goggles. Mike has a kite. There is a plane in the sky. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is throwing a ball. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Jenny is holding the kite. Mike is throwing the ball. The plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is playing with a basketball. There is a bear behind Jenny. Jenny is holding sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The bear is happy to play. The bear is wearing a hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch in the park. Mike is shocked to see the bear there. It is a nice sunny day at the park today. 
Mike and Jenny say hello to the bear. Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny put her beach ball on the grass. 
The bear is playing with Jenny and Mike. Mike has a football. Jenny has cool glasses on. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with a bear. The bear is holding a tennis racquet. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
The bear wants to play ball with Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a mitt. Jenny wants to catch the ball. 
A bear is trying to scare Mike. The dog is watching. Jenny has a tennis ball. 
Jenny laughingly kicks the ball at the bear. The bear screams in surprise at the cat. Mike is surprised to see a bear shouting. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny has the mitt. The bear is holding his arms up. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch. Jenny is angry the ballons are going to fly away. The rocket soars in the sky. 
Jenny wants the baseball Mike is wearing a toboggin There's a rocket above Mike 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is running with a baseball. A rocket ship is flying. 
Jenny and Mike play with the baseball A rocket flies over Mike Mike is standing next to the tree 
There are apples on the tree Jenny is throwing the baseball to Mike Mike is holding three balloons. 
A rocket zooms by. Jenny wants to play baseball. Mike is ready to catch the ball. 
A rocket and balloons are in the sky. Jenny is holding a baseball. Mike is jumping up and down. 
A rocket blasts off above Mike and Jenny. Four balloons float in front of the tree. Jenny happily kicks the grass. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike kicks the football to Jenny. Jenny is happy to see a rocket. 
Jenny has new glasses. Mike threw the ball to Jenny. A rocketship flew over the park. 
A rocket is in the sky. A cat is on a swing. Mike is quite happy. 
Mike is holding a tennis racquet. A pale of sand is on the picnic table. The space ship is flying in the sky. 
The rocket is flying away. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is excited about the flying rocket. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike is cheering Jenny on. A rocket is blasting off in the sky. 
Mike is standing in a sand-box. There is a basket-ball near mike. There is a soccer ball near mike. 
Mike is happy to see the sandbox. The bucket and shovel are in the sandbox. The rocket blasts into the air! 
Mike is watching the rocket fly away. The rocket is flying away. Mike is standing by the swing. 
A rocket is in the sky. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny had a bucket of sand. 
A ball and bat are by the picnic table. The dog is watching Mike. A rocket is taking off overhead. 
Mike is jumping up and down. There is a rocket ship. There is an apple tree. 
Mike is standing by the bear. The bear is wearing the hat. The fire is by the tree. 
Mike is near jenny. A bear is near mike. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Mike is pretending to be a bear. The bear is wearing a wizard hat. 
Mike and the bear play. Jenny is sad there is lightening. The bear wears a blue hat. 
Lightning strikes above Jenny. A giant bear screams at Mike and Jenny. Mike jumps in the air laughingly. 
Lightning is striking overhead. Jenny doesn't see the bear. The bear is wearing a witch's hat. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. The bear is wearing a witch hat. There is lightning in the sky. 
The bear is wearing a wizard hat Jenny and Mike have their hands in the air There is a beach ball in front of Jenny and Mike 
Mike is happy Jenny brought pie for lunch. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear stole Jenny's hat. 
Mike is wearing the glasses. The bear is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the bear. 
There is a snake behind the tree Mike is kicking the soccer ball Jenny is going to catch the ball 
Jenny is wearing purple glasses. Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Mike is kicking a soccer-ball. Mike has a blue hat on. Jenny is very sad. 
Mike is very mad. jenny is very happy. Mike is near jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown on her head. Mike kicks around a soccer ball. The sun shines in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the pail. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. It is a nice day at the park. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The sun is behind the clouds. 
Jenny has a football. Mike and Jenny are waving. Mike is wearing shorts. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is playing with a football . 
The camping tent is orange. Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny will catch the ball. 
Mike is wearing a rainbow colored hat Jenny is kicking a football There is a tent and big setting sun behind Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball glove. Jenny is standing in the front of the tent. Mike os kicking the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. An airplane and helicopter are in the sky. 
Jenny kicked the football to Mike. Mike jumped into the air to catch the football. Mike put up his tent near the spring toy. 
Mike is holding a football. A beach ball is on the grass. Jenny wants to catch the football. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Mike is waving at Jenny. The helicopter is flying away. 
Mike is near a fire. Mike is very happy Mike is holding foot-ball. 
The dog is in the tree. Jenny has made a hamburger. A hot-air balloon is in the sky. 
The dog is hiding in the tree. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. 
Jenny is holding a burger. There is a dog in a pine tree. There is a soccer ball near the sandbox. 
The dog is in in the tree. Jenny made a hamburger for Mike. Mike is sad the dog is stuck. 
There is a dog on the tree. Mike is very sad. Jenny is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny has a burger. Mike is not happy. A dog is near Jenny. 
Mike is yelling at the dog. The dog is up in the tree. Jenny is holding out a hamburger. 
Mike is mad at the dog. The dog is in the tree. Jenny has a hamburger. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is holding a burger. A dog is near a tree. 
Jenny is holding the hamburger. Mike is holding the tennis ball. The dog is in the tree. 
MIke is king for a day Jenny serves him a burger and pizza Jenny is wearing a witch hat 
The sun shines brightly above. Jenny is about to eat some pizza. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Mike is offering Jenny the pizza. Jenny is angry at Mike. The food is on the picnic table. 
Mike wants to play baseball. Jenny wants to eat lunch  not play. Mike says hello to Jenny. 
Mike tells Jenny that lunch is ready. Jenny has scared the dog away from the table. Mike and Jenny will have pizza and hamburgers. 
Jenny has a lot of food. Mike is waving to Jenny. A hamburger is on the table. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is sitting by the hamburger. Mike is wearing a funny hat. 
Jenny does not like pizza. Mike wants a slice of pizza. Mike is by the tree. 
Jenny is wearing Mike's glasses. Mike is holding Jenny's hat. There is a pizza on the table. 
Jenny looks at the table. Mike is wearing a rainbow hat. Someone is flying a kite. 
The dog is standing outside the tent. The picnic table is empty. The weather is bad at the park today. 
Mike is scared by the lightning. Jenny kicked the football to Mike. The dog will hide in the tent. 
Lightning is in the sky. A dog is near a tent. A tree is not too far from the tent. 
Mike and Jenny are staying dry in the tent. Mike's dog is looking for him. It is raining in the park. 
The beach ball is under the picnic table. The soccer ball is next to the dog. The dog is looking into the tent. 
A dog is near a tent. A dog is wearing a blue collar. A tent is near a tree. 
A dog is near a tent. The tent is orange and red. A pie is on the table. 
Mike is scared of thunder. Jenny loves rainstorms. The dog wants to start camping. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is near a tent. There's a base-ball in the grass. 
The dog is wearing purple shades. A tent is near a dog. The tent is orange and red. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky. Mike is jumping off of the picnic table. Jenny is talking to Mike. 
Mike is near jenny. A hot-dog is on the table. soda is on a table. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a yellow table. Mike is very happy. 
Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is very sad. Mike is near a yellow table. 
Mike and Jenny run to play. Jenny sees a hot air balloon. The hot air balloon man waves. 
Jenny stands on the picnic table. Mike sees a hot air balloon. Mike and Jenny have a hot dog. 
Jenny is sitting by the picnic table. The sun is in the sky. The picnic table is beside the tree. 
Mike is jumping by the picnic table. There is ketchup and mustard on the table. A hot-air balloon flies in the sky. 
Mike has on a chef hat. Jenny is wearing a gold crown. The owl is eating apples in the tree. 
Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is watching the hot air balloon. The pizza is near the soda. 
Mike is wearing a funny hat. The mustard and ketchup are on the table. The rain makes Mike sad. 
Mustard and ketchup are on the table. The rain lands on the campfire. Mike is upset about the rain. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting by the fire. The cat is sitting by the fire. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting by the fire. The balloon is flying in the air. 
Mike is mad that it is raining. It is starting to rain on the fire. There are ketchup and mustard on the table. 
Mike is sitting next to the fire. Mike is holding teh hat. Jenny is standing next to Mike. 
Mike is very upset. Mike is near a fire. Mike has a blue hat on. 
Mike is very angry. Mike is sitting by a fire. It is raining on mike.. 
Mike has a star on his hat. Mike is scared of the rain. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Jenny is sad because it is raining. The cat is sitting by the fire. The ball is sitting on Mike. 
Jenny is crying on the grass. The sun is bright. The swingset is red and blue. 
Mike is wearing shades. Jenny is sitting near a swing-sets. Mike is very shocked. 
Jenny is crying. The hot air balloon is flying above Jenny. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is sitting next to the swing set Jenny looks sad Jenny is sitting alone 
Jenny fell off the swing. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sad because she fell on the ground. 
Jenny sits alone next to a tree An airplane flies over Jenny An owl looks at Jenny 
Jenny is crying by the swing set. There is a football by the playground equipment. There is a hot-air balloon nearby. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball hat. Jenny is sad because she wants the soccer ball. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny fell off of the swing. There is a picnic table near the tree. A balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny fell off the swing. The hot-air balloon is floating overhead. 
Mike is carrying ketchup and mustard. A bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike is keeping the ketchup and mustard away from the bear. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike is holding the ketchup and mustard. Mike is grilling hotdogs for a picnic. 
Mike is not happy. Mike is near a bear. Mike is wearing a hat. 
A bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike is holding a red and a yellow bottle. The bear is wearing a crown. 
Mike is holding the ketchup and mustard. Mike is sitting beside the picnic table. A bear is growling. 
Mike cannot decide between ketchup and mustard. Mike is putting things away after lunch. A bear came out from behind a tree. 
Mike thinks the bear stole his lunch. The bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike's hamburger is missing. 
Mike is holding ketchup and mustard. Mike is sitting by the fire. A bear is standing behind Mike. 
Mike has the mustard and the ketchup. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The bear is behind Mike. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is near a apple tree. A bear is near mike. 
Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. The cat is sitting with Mike and Jenny. The dog is outside the sandbox. 
Mike and the cat are in the sandbox. Jenny is holding a toy shovel. A plane is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are sad that the cat is in the sandbox. Mike is sitting under an apple tree. Jenny is wants the cat to come to her. 
The cat is in the sandbox. The cat is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is standing in the sandbox with a shovel. Mike is sad because he fell down. The cat is making Mike and Jenny sad. 
The cat is between Jenny and Mike Jenny is calling the cat Mike stands beside the sandbox 
Jenny calls for the cat Jenny is in front of the apple tree Mike stands beside the sandbox 
Mike sits in the sandbox. Jenny stands in the sandbox. A cat sits in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are trying to get the cat out of the sandbox. The sun is shining brightly in the sky. The hot air ballon is red and yellow. 
The cat is sitting in the sandbox. There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is sitting sadly on the ground. 
Mike has a hotdog. Jenny is drinking a soda. Mike wants Jenny to share the soda. 
There is a cloud behind the tree. Mike is standing sadly at the picnic table. There is a soda on the picnic table. 
Mike has a hot dog and drink. Mike wears a colorful hat. Mike is sad to be alone. 
Mike is mad at Jenny Jenny is running to the fire. Mike is eating a hot dog. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike has a hot dog. Mike looks scared of something. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. There is a drink on the picnic table. Jenny is waving her arms at Mike. 
Mike is furious about the lack of ketchup. Jenny is wearing purple sun glasses. Mike is wearing a neat hat. 
Mike kicked the hotdog. Jenny is holding a soda. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny loves her new hat. Mike thinks his hot dog tastes bad. A tall tree stands in the grass. 
Mike is holding hot-dog. A cat is near a table. Mike is sittingg in the grass. 
Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is sad to see lightning and rain. Jenny wants to play with the beachball. 
Jenny is mad that it started raining Jenny is running away from the storm cloud. Jenny is wearing a winter hat. 
It is raining on the picnic table. Jenny is holding a pink bucket. The tree is behind Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is mad it is getting stormy. Jenny brought her ball and sand pail to the park. 
Jenny is under the picnic table. The cat is beside Jenny. It is raining on the picnic table. 
There is a cloud in the sky. Jenny is mad because it is raining. Jenny is standing beside a table. 
Jenny is mad because it is raining. Jenny wanted to play in the sandbox. Jenny has to go home now. 
Jenny is scared of the storm. Jenny is standing by the tree. Jenny is waving her arms. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The bear is wearing a viking hat. A cloud is raining on the bear. 
Jenny is angry that the day at the park is ruined. It is raining and lightning. The picnic table is going to get wet! 
Jenny is mad because the owl is on the swingset. Mike is running to see Jenny. Mike is happy today. 
An owl is on the swing set. Jenny is angry at the owl. Jenny is standing next to a bucket. 
The owl is perched on the swingset. Mike is jumping for joy. Jenny is mad at the owl. 
The owl is on top of the swing set. Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is wearing a crown. 
An owl is sitting on the swing. Mike is kicking the football at Jenny. Jenny is upset with Mike. 
Mike is in the sandbox. The owl is on the swing set. There is a shovel in the sandbox. 
The owl is sitting on the swing. Jenny is mad at the owl. Jenny is wearing a winter cap. 
Mike is going to get the baseball and bat. The owl is on top of the swing set. Mike is happy to play ball. 
Jenny tries to scare the owl away. Mike is excited to play frisbee. A owl sits on top of the swings. 
Mike wears a pirate's hat. Jenny wears sunglasses. An owl sits on the swing set. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is holding the ball. The bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. 
jenny is very scared. Mike is very upset. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
The big bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. The camp fire is protecting Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is aggravated with the Bear. Mike is very worried. There is a huge bear nearby. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. The bear is scary. Mike lost his hat. 
Mike and Jenny are in the playground. They saw the bear at the playground. Mike and Jenny ran away from the bear. 
A bear is chasing Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike and Jenny are running away from the bear. The bear has scared Mike and Jenny. It is raining on the barbecue. 
Mike and Jenny run away from the bear. The bear scared Mike and Jenny away. The bear wants to eat Mike and Jenny's hotdogs. 
Jenny and Mike run away from a bear. Mike is not happy. The soccer ball is next to the tree. Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. The soccer ball is in front of the apple tree. There are two trees in the park. 
Jenny has a chef hat on. There is a pizza on the table. It is a cloudy day today. 
Jenny is running toward the picnic table. There is a pepperoni pizza on the table. A gray clouds hangs overhead. 
Jenny has on a chef's hat. There is a pizza on the picnic table. There is a hot dog on the picnic table. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The pizza is near the hot dog on the table. The helicopter is flying over Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. The pizza is on the picnic table. The campfire is beside the picnic table. 
The hotdog is on the table. Jenny sees the pizza on the table. A bucket of sand is under the tree. 
The food is on the table. Jenny is wearing a yellow hat. Jenny is running to the table. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The pizza is on the grass. 
Jenny is waving. The pizza and the hot dog are on the table. No one is playing in the sandbox today. 
Mike and Jenny are having lunch. There is a pink bucket under the picnic table. A jet plane flies overhead. 
Jenny is wearing a funny hat. Mike is running fast near Jenny. It is raining above Jenny. 
The duck is at the park today. Jenny and Mike are mad because it is raining. There is a hot dog on the table. 
Jenny and Mike are mad because it is raining. The cat is standing at Mike's feet. It is raining over the swing set. 
It is raining on the hotdog and drink. Jenny and Mike don't like the rain. Jenny is yelling at the raincloud. 
Rain is falling from the cloud. The fire is between Mike and Jenny. The swings are behind Jenny. 
Jenny is standing by the swing. Mike is wearing the hat. It is raining at the park. 
A hamburger and hotdog are on the table. It is raining on the picnic table. Mike is holding the balloons. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is near  rain. jenny is very upset. 
Jenny is near a soccer-ball. Mike is holding a tennis rack Jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike and Jenny are upset that it is raining. The racket is between Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are arguing with each other. 
The dog is beside Mike. Jenny is happy Mike is running to her. There are three burgers on the grill. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is excited to be camping. The hot dogs are cooking on the grill. 
The dog is next to Mike. Jenny is pointing at the grill. Mike is walking toward Jenny. 
Jenny made hotdogs for lunch. Jenny made hotdogs for Mike. Mike and his dog came to the park for a picnic. 
Mike is excited about the barbecue Mike's dog is trying to get at the dog food Jenny just realized that she is grilling dog food 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny has a hamburger on the grill. Mike is running to meet Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with the dog at the park. The dog has a tennis ball in his mouth. There are three hot dogs on the grill. 
Mike is behind a dog Jenny is beside a grill Jenny is wearing a chef hat 
Jenny is happy to see Mike and his dog. Mike and his dog came to play with Jenny. Mike and Jenny will have hotdogs for lunch. 
Jenny is giving Mike a hamburger. Mike is happy to see Jenny. The dog is walking with Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. A bear is behind Jenny. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Jenny is on the slide. Mike sees the bear. The bear  sees Jenny. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike's dog is standing close to Mike. The bear is wearing a viking hat. 
The snuck up on Mike. Jenny is holding four balloons Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. The bear is beside the tree. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny has a baseball bat in her hand. Mike is afraid of the bear. The bear had sharp claws. 
The bear is standing by the slide. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. Mike is wearing a winter cap. 
Jenny is holding a cup. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny is mad  and Mike is sad. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. Mike is mad because Jenny has the hot dog. The bear is hiding behind the tree. 
Jenny is flying the kite. Mike does not want to watch Jenny fly the kite. The bear is trying to scare Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. The bear is standing under the tree. Jenny is happy  but Mike is sad. 
The dog is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are playing tag. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. Jenny is standing next to the picnic table. The cat is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is sad because he doesn't have a ball to play with. The duck is hiding behind the trees. 
The bear is behind a tree. Jenny is going to play tennis. Mike wants to play with Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike sees a hole in the tree. 
The bear is hiding behind the tree. Mike is waving behind Jenny. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
A snake is by the slide. Jenny is very happy. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike is worried Jenny is running away. The cat is hiding from Mike and Jenny. 
There is an owl watching Jenny and Mike. Mike is jumping in the air with Jenny. Jenny is happy that she is with Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are happy Mike is sitting next to the tree Jenny is sitting next to Mike 
Mike is wearing a blue cap. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The hot air balloon is red and yellow. 
Mike sat on the swing set. Jenny brought Mike a soda. The hot air balloon flew over the tent. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike has a colorful hat on. Jenny is next to a soccer-ball. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. The hot air balloon flies over Mike. Jenny is happy to be outside. 
Jenny is excited to see Mike. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is jumping. 
Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. Jenny shows Mike she put the tent up. Mike runs over to see the tent. 
Jenny waves at the snake Mike is sitting in the grass Mike and Jenny are camping 
Mike and Jenny are sitting cross legged on the ground. There is a dog next to Mike. A snake is next to the tree which is next to the tent. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. There is an owl in the tree. Jenny is going camping. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike tries to scare the snake away. The dog sees the snake. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. There is a snake beside Mike. Mike is wearing a winter hat. 
Jenny cries in fear of the large snake. The sun partially hides behind the small tree. The large dog smiles at the green snake. 
Jenny runs from a green snake. Mike wears purple sunglasses. Mike's dog smiles at a green snake. 
Mike is near a dog. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is sitting near a tree. 
Jenny is angry that she didn't kick the soccer ball far. Mike is shocked to see a snake. The dog is happy at the park. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. A snake is in front of Mike. Lightning is coming from a cloud. 
Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is sitting in the grass. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is following the dog. 
Mike is very sad. jenny is very sad. A snake is near mike. 
Mike is holding the glove. Jenny dropped her hot dog. Mike is standing by the fire. 
Jenny is crying. Mike looks mad. Jenny and Mike are by a fire. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting next to the fire. Mike is standing next to the tent. 
Jenny is sitting next to the tent. Mike is holding the glove. Jenny is sitting next to the fire. 
Mike and Jenny have a tent set up. Jenny is sitting by the fire. The owl is sitting on the tent. 
Jenny burned her hand on the campfire. Mike wants to play catch. Mike and Jenny are camping. 
A tearful Jenny fell down by the campfire. A worried Mike holds the baseball glove. The campfire is burning between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is crying because she has fallen to the ground. Mike is trying to warm his baseball glove over the fire. The owl is sitting on the swingset watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is not happy with his glove. Jenny is not happy beside the campfire. The tent is ready for the night. 
The rocket is flying in the sky. Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is crying next to the fire. 
Jenny is sad that there is no pizza. Mike is happy to be holding the balloons. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike had four balloons. Jenny wanted to eat the pie first. Jenny wore her helmet with horns on it. 
Mike is bringing Jenny balloons. Jenny wonders what Mike has. Mike and Jenny will have a picnic today. 
Jenny is wearing a red and gray hat. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is sitting next to the pie. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is sitting under the tree. The mustard is beside the pie. 
Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is waving to Mike. There is a pie and some ketchup on the table. 
Jenny is mad Mike isn't listening to her. Mike is excited about the balloons. Jenny has pizza and pie. 
Mike holds the baloons Jenny is in front of the tree Jenny is behind the table 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike is not happy. Nobody is on the swings. 
Mike has a bunch of balloons. Jenny has a pie to eat. Jenny is waving hello to Mike. 
The bear has a hamburger and drink. Jenny and Mike are kicking the bear. It is a cloudy day. 
Jenny and Mike are kicking a bear. A beach ball is on the ground. A cloud is in the sky. 
There is an apple tree behind Mike. Jenny is kicking the bear. Mike is kicking the bear like Jenny is. 
Jenny kicks the bear. Mike kicks the bear. The bear is mad at Jenny and Mike. 
Mike and Jenny went to the park. At the park  Mike and Jenny ran into a bear. The bear is holding a hamburger and soda. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking the bear. The bear took the soda and hamburger. Mike is closest to the tree. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The bear is holding the burger. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
The bear is holding a hamburger and soda. Mike and Jenny are kicking the bear. Mike is wearing glasses. 
Mike and Jenny are mad at the bear. The bear takes Mike and Jenny's food because he is hungry. Mike and Jenny want their food and drink back. 
Mike is kicking the bear. Jenny is kicking the bear. Jenny has purple glasses. 
Mike kicked the ball high. Mike is wearing a star ball cap. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is kicking his leg. A dog is watching Mike. A ball and plane are in the sky. 
Mike just kicked the ball. Mike has a red bucket. The tree has red apples. 
Mike hits the soccer ball. A helicopter is near the park. A hot-air balloon is flying close to the park. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. A dog is watching Mike play. There is a big sun in the sky. 
jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a hat Mike is very happy. 
Jenny is flying a kite. There is a soccer ball in the sky. Mike is kicking his leg. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat. Mike kicks the ball into the air. A balloon is in he sky. 
Mike kicked his soccer ball into the air. Mike is playing soccer in the park. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Mike is wearing glasses Mike is wearing a blue cap The airplane is flying towards the rocket 
Mike wears a king's crown. Jenny is sad. The snake likes the warm sun. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is standing beside the swing set. Jenny is surprised by the snake. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Jenny is standing next to the sliding board. Mike is trying to kick the snake. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny on the swings. Jenny is scared because a snake is at her playground. A plane is flying over Jenny's head. 
Jenny was worried it would get cool when the clouds came in. Jenny was scared when she saw a snake heading for Mike. Mike was excited to see a real live snake. 
Mike is looking at the swings. The sun is shining. There is a snake above the swing. 
Jenny is standing near the swings. Mike is running through the park to play with Jenny. There is a snake near the swingset. Watch out Mike and Jenny! 
A snake is near the swings. The sun is behind the tree. Mike seems quite happy. 
Jenny is waving Mike over. Jenny is by the swings. There is a snake by Jenny. 
The snake is beside the swing set. Mike is happy  but Jenny is crying. The cat is watching the snake. 
The cat is stuck on the slide Jenny is calling for help Bee buzzy thinks the cat is a big baby 
The owl is on Jenny's arm. Jenny is holding a soda. The cat is next to Jenny. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is looking for Mike. The cat wants to climb the tree. 
Jenny is sad. Mike has flown away in a hot air balloon. Jenny doesn't want the owl to attack her cat. 
Jenny is holding a bucket. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. The owl is sitting beside Jenny. 
Mike is very angry. A cat is near jenny. It is raining near jenny. 
The owl is sitting by the cat. The riding toy is beside the tree. The basketball is resting in the grass. 
Jenny is waving to the hot air ballon. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The orange cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Jenny is upset with the cat. The owl likes to hang out with Jenny. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. 
The cat is on the table. The owl is next to the cat. Jenny does not like animals on the table. 
The dog and cat see each other. It is lightning in the park. There is an airplane flying in the sky. 
The dog is wearing sunglasses. The sandbox is empty. The cat is under the apple tree. 
The cat is under the apple tree. The jet flies through a storm. The dog is looking at the tree. 
The dog stands next to a tree. The airplane is in the air. There is a picnic table close to the tree. 
The cat and dog are under the tree. The soccer ball is behind the apple tree. The airplane is flying in the sky. 
The dog is sitting under the tree. Lightning is coming from the cloud. The tree is full of apples. 
The cat is sitting under the tree. The plane is flying in the sky. The dog is standing under the tree. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. A cat is sitting under the apple tree. A ball is sitting in the grass. 
Lightning comes from the cloud A plane passes by The dog is behind the cat 
A dog is near a tree. A cat is near a dog. A cat is wearing a blue collar. 
Jenny is sitting under the apple tree. The dog took Jenny's hamburger. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Mike feeds his hamburger to Sammy. "Jenny yells ""stop feeding the dog your hamburger!""." Mike thinks this is really funny. 
Mike is offering food to Jenny Jenny is standing next to the appletree Mike is standing under the hot air balloon 
A plane flies overhead. Jenny is sitting under the apple tree. Mike is holding the hamburger out. 
Mike is mad at the dog. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. It is going to rain in the park. 
The dog stole the hamburger. Jenny fell on the ground. Mike sees red apples on the tree. 
Lunch is cooking on the grill. Mike is giving Jenny a hamburger. Jenny is telling Mike about the rain. 
The dog is coming toward Jenny. Jenny is afraid of the dog. Mike dropped is hamburger. 
Mike fed a hamburger to his dog. The dog loves hamburgers. Jenny wished she had a hamburger. 
Mike is trying to share his hamburger with Jenny. The dog has jumped in Jenny's lap. The hot air ballon is flying high. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is playing with a soccer-ball. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. There is a pie on top of the table. The sun is shining very bright behind Mike. 
Mike is kicking the ball to the duck. Mike is wearing his hat sideways. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is holding a football. A tree has apples on it. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike kicks a soccer ball. Apples are growing on the tree. There is a toy bumblebee. 
Mike has his hat on sideways. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The sun is setting  it is almost time to go home. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Mike is playing soccer on a sunny day. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Mike is playing soccer The sun is out There is a table under the apple tree 
Mike is playing soccer. Mike brought his cat with. Mike's cat chases the ball. 
Mike and Jenny's pie and drink sit on the picnic table. Mike kicks a soccer ball. Mike smiles when the ball lands near an apple tree. 
Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. Jenny is wearing a hat. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike threw the Frisbee to Jenny. It is stormy and rainy at the park. Jenny has a baseball mitt on. 
Jenny says they should go in because of the storm Mike says keep playing The rain gets closer 
Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike threw the ball to Jenny. Jenny is going to catch the ball. 
Mike sees the rain and lightening. Jenny throws the baseball to Mike. Mike is scared of the storm. 
The sky has rain and lightening. Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike is angry because it is raining. Jenny is scared of the thunderstorm. The beach ball is behind Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is sad because he wants the glove. Jenny is wearing the glove. It is raining in the park. 
It is raining on Jenny and Mike. Jenny and Mike are mad. Jenny is holding a baseball mitt. 
Clouds are in the sky above Jenny and Mike. Mike has a football. Jenny is holding out her arms  ready to catch the football. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is sitting by the fire. A snake is scaring Jenny. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is sad because she sees a snake. Mike is afraid because he sees a snake. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is sitting next to the snake Mike and Jenny sit next to the fire 
Mike and Jenny are sitting next a fire Mike and Jenny are waving to the snake Jenny is wearing a baseball cap 
Jenny is surprised at the orange tent. A green snake slithers towards the campfire. Mike and Jenny sit next to the tree. 
There is a helicopter flying. Mike and Jenny look angry. There is a green snake. 
Jenny looks startled by the snake. The snake is behind Mike. Mike and Jenny are sitting at a campsite. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very shocked. There is a green snake near Jenny. 
Jenny has purple glasses. Mike is afraid of the snake. Jenny does not see the snake. 
An airplane flies over Jenny's head. Jenny and Mike are sitting around a fire. There is a snake in the grass near Mike. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike is worried about his hotdogs. Mike and Jenny will have hotdogs for lunch. 
Mike is playing in the sand box. Jenny is trying to share her balloons with Mike. Mike and Jenny are happy to be friends. 
Jenny showed Mike where the hotdog was. Mike wanted to put ketchup on his hotdog. Jenny had four balloons in her hand. 
Jenny is holding three balloons. A bottle of ketchup is on the table. There is a hot dog on the table. 
Mike is near a table. Jenny is reaching for a hot-dog. A dog is near mike. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The hotdog is on the table. The airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike has a bottle of ketchup. Jenny has a cat. Mike is wearing goggles. 
Jenny is giving Mike balloons and a hot dog. Jenny is standing by the dog. Mike is excited to get a balloon. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike is looking at Jenny. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Jenny is holding a football and some balloons. Mike is wearing a big grey hat. Mike is scared. 
Mike is flying a kite. The dog and the snake are looking at each other. Jenny and Mike are standing by the slide. 
Jenny wants the snake to go away. Mike is flying a kite. The snake is headed toward the apple tree. 
The green snake is next to the tree. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike and Jenny are scared. 
Mike is flying the kite. The dog is standing next to Jenny. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is flying a kite. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting under the tree. 
Mike is very shock. Jenny is very shock. Mike is holding a kite.. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is really excited Mike is near a snake. 
Mike wants to play with the snake. The bucket is next to Jenny. The snake is green. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike sees a snake. Jenny dropped her frisbee. 
The dog and the snake are going to play. Jenny is afraid that the dog and snake are not friends. No one is playing in the sandbox. 
Mike is having a cookout. The dog wants to eat Mike's hot dog. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. 
jenny is very surprised. Mike is holding a hot-dog. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is near a dog. A fire is near mike. Mike is wearing blue. 
The picnic table is under the apple tree. Mike has made a hot dog. The dog is sniffing at the hot dog. 
Mike is upset the dog is on the picnic table. The dog will eat the hotdog. The picnic table is yellow. 
Mike is not happy. Mike is near a dog. Mike is near a yellow table. 
Mike tries to shoo the dog off the table. The dog jumped onto the picnic table. The dog might eat Mike's hotdog. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a hot dog. A dog is standing beside Mike. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat There is a plane flying through the sky The dog is about to eat a hotdog 
Mike is holding a hotdog. The dog is looking at the hotdog. Mike is in front of the picnic table. 
Mike is wearing a chefs hat. The snake is enjoying the fire. Jenny is wearing a baseball mitt. 
Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is warming up near the fire. The green snake is in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are by the fire. Mike and Jenny are happy to see the snake leave. The snake is by the apple tree. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny Is very happy. Mike is near a snake. 
The hot air balloon is on the ground. Jenny is enjoying the camp fire. Jenny is enjoying a soda. 
Jenny and Mike are happy. Mike is beside the tree. The campfire is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the camp fire. Mike and Jenny are happy together. The snake is sneaking up behind Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the fire. The snake is in the grass. Mike is in front of the apple tree. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is near a snake. 
Mike is holding a frisbee in his hands. Jenny is warming up by the fire. The snake moves away from the fire. 
Mike is standi by Jenny. The pit is by the table. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. A helicopter is in the sky. Jenny is standing in front of a tent. 
Jenny is very surprised. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a tree. 
Lightning begins to strike outside. Mike is sad about the storm. The helicopter is flying close to the lightning. 
Mike is standing by the swing. Jenny is standing by Mike. The cat is sitting by the swing. 
Jenny is wearing a winter cap. Jenny and Mike are by the tent. A helicopter flies nearby. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Mike is wearing purple glasses. Mike and Jenny are waving. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing the hat. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is jumping in the air. The pizza in on the grass. Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing sun glasses. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny wants the hamburger. Mike has a cold drink. A snake follows Jenny. 
Mike is sitting by the slide. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike has a hamburger. 
Jenny is holding a kite. Mike is holding a hamburger. Red apples are in the tree. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is holding a hamburger. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is running to Mike. Mike has a hamburger and hotdog. The apple tree has four apples. 
A hamburger is on the table. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike tells Jenny lunch is ready. Jenny sees lunch on a picnic table. Jenny is running to the picnic table. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is standing by the ball. 
Jenny is running to see Mike. Mike is standing by the picnic table. There are three hot dogs cooking on the grill. 
Mike is eating and drinking. Mike wants to share a drink with Jenny. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
There is one cloud in the sky. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. 
Jenny has a tennis racket. Mike has a tennis ball. The cat is beside Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses and wants to play tennis. Mike is sad because he does not have sunglasses. There is a hot air balloon flying in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Mike is in front of the sand box. It is starting to rain on Mike. 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Mike is holding a soccer ball. It is a cloudy day. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. The sun is covered by clouds. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny wants to play tennis. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Jenny and Mike each stand by a tree. Mike is looking angrily at Jenny. 
Mike is sad he hurt his foot. Jenny is holding up a tennis racquet. The dog is watching Mike. 
Mike is sitting by the campfire. The cat is wearing a hat. The tree has red apples. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. The cat is wearing a witch hat! Mike is wearing a colorful silly hat. 
The campfire is burning red and orange. the girl is sitting by the fire. The cat is wearing a witch hat. 
The cat is wearing a hat. Mike is next to the campfire. The cat is looking at Mike. 
Mike is very excited. Mike is near a cat. A cat has a blue collar. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. The cat is wearing a wizard hat. Mike and the cat are sitting by the fire. 
Mike is telling a story. The cat is wearing a pointy hat. The baseball is next to the hamburger. 
The cat is secretly a wizard. Mike is curious about the cat. Mike sits near the fire. 
Mike is sitting next to the fire Mike is sitting next to the cat Mike is happy to see the wizard cat 
Mike is enjoying his campfire. Mike wore a pirate hat to the park today. The cat is wearing a witch hat. 
The duck has a viking hat. There is a plane in the sky. There is a soda on the table. 
The sun is above Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny see the duck with a hat. Jenny thinks the duck looks funny. 
A duck is next to Mike. Jenny sees the duck. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is excited. A duck is wearing a vikings hat. 
The duck is wearing a hat with horns. Jenny and Mike are next to the tree. A red and yellow balloon is in the sky. 
A bird is on the picnic table. A hat with horns is on the bird. Mike and Jenny are laughing at the bird. 
Mike is laughing at the duck. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
There are four balloons in the sky. The duck is wearing a hat. There are two balls in the grass. 
A hot air balloon is flying in the sky. A duck is wearing a hat. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike is laughing at the duck. The duck is wearing at hat. Jenny is standing under the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting under an apple tree. Jenny hears an airplane. The car is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike is holding a burger. Jenny is holding a soccer ball. Jenny wants a burger. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is eating a hamburger. Mike and Jenny are sitting by a tree. 
Jenny and Mike sit on the ground A glove is behind Jenny There's a football between Jenny and Mike 
Jenny holds a hot dog Mike holds a hamburger There's a basketball between Mike and Jenny 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny has a hot dog. Mike and Jenny sit under an apple tree. 
There are three hot dogs on the grill. Mike has a hamburger. Jenny is sad because she has a hot dog and wants the hamburger. 
Mike is sitting with a hot dog. Jenny is sitting with a hamburger. Jenny is sitting by the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting under an apple tree. Jenny has a hot dog. Mike has a hamburger. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is holding her hot-dog. 
The sun is in they sky. A ball is on the table. Mike has sunglasses on. 
Jenny thinks it's funny an owl is on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny see an owl on the table. Mike shows Jenny the owl on the table. 
Jenny is standing next to an Apple tree. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Mike and Jenny are ready to eat pie. 
Mike is near a pie. jenny is near a table. There's a ketchup bottle on a table. 
Mike is near a table. jenny is near a dog. There's a pie on the table. 
Jenny baked a pie for Mike. Mike forgot to bring drinks. The dog wants to play catch. 
Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is holding a pie. Mike is very surprised. 
Mike is near a slide. jenny is near mike. There's a soccer-ball on the table. 
Mike is looking at the pie. Jenny is waving at the helicopter. Jenny is standing by the table. 
A pie is on the table. A dog is near Mike A balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a purple witch hat. Jenny is wearing a blue hat with a star. There are five apples on the tree. 
At sunset Mike appears to yell at Jenny as she sat on the grass Jenny appears to be gazing at an owl An owl stand in the park beside the tree. 
Jenny and Mike want to play with the owl. Mike is sitting in the grass. There is a ball in e grass. 
Jenny found her witch hat. Mike sees a goose. A goose is walking up to Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny fell on Mike. The owl was sitting on the glasses. The duck wore a blue wizard's hat. 
A duck is wearing a wizard's hat. Some sunglasses are on the grass beneath the tree. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
The dog is wearing a wizard hat. The kite is stuck in the tree. Jenny is calling the dog to her. 
Jenny is near a duck. A owl is wearing purple shades. Mike is near jenny. 
Jenny found her hat in the tree. Mike is going to pull Jenny's pigtail. The owl took the hat and the sunglasses. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a apple tree. Jenny is wearing the color pink. 
There is an owl in the tree. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. There is a pie infront of Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. An owl is sitting in the tree. A pie is sitting in the grass. 
The owl is in the tree. The tree is small and green. Jenny can not get the owl down from the tree. 
Jenny is holding a bat Mike is in front of the apple tree There's an owl behind Mike 
Jenny is holding a bat. Mike is near a tree. Mike is near a pie. 
Mike wants to trade with Jenny. Mike made a pie. Jenny has a baseball bat. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. There is a pie near Jenny. An owl is sitting on a tree. 
Mike is standing near jenny. Jenny is not happy. Jenny is near a pie. 
Jenny wants the pie. Mike is surprised that jenny has a bat. An owl is sitting in the tree. 
There is an owl sitting in the tree. There is a pie on the ground. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is standing by Jenny. The bat is next to the ball. 
Mike is near the soccer ball. Jenny is near the basketball. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike is very happy with jenny. Jenny is near a basketball. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike and Jenny are excited about the toys. Mike is holding a baseball bat. The sun is behind a cloud. 
Jenny and Mike have two balls. Jenny and Mike are happy. The baseball bat is under the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are going to play sports. Jenny is going to get the bat. Mike is excited to play with Jenny. 
Jenny is excited that she is going to play with Mike today. Mike is surprised that it is such a cloudy day. Mike and Jenny have found a pile of sports equipment to play with. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is near the basketball. Jenny is near the soccer ball. 
An airplane is flying over the park. Jenny and Mike have a lot of toys to choose from. Jenny is excited to see Mike in the park. 
Mike and Jenny want to play ball. The hat is next to the ball. Mike is behind Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is angry at the owl. The rocket is flying over Jenny. 
The hamburger is under the tree. The cat is in front of Jenny. Jenny is sad that she can not find Mike. 
Mike dropped his hot dog. Jenny is jumping toward the rocket. Mike is running near the tree. 
There is a campfire in the park. Mike is nowhere to be found. The rocket is flying through the sky. 
Jenny is scared of the rocketship. The cat is watching Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
There is a shovel in the sandbox. There is a rocket in the sky. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The dog is standing near the picnic table. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Mike is holding the ball. The rocket is flying in the sky. The dog is standng next to Mike. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is angry because the rocket is leaving. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny has a bottle of ketchup. Jenny is making hot dogs. Jenny has on a chef hat. 
It is raining on the campfire. Jenny is sitting by the campfire. Mike is angry  and Jenny is surprised. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. The rain is about to put out the campfire. A bat and baseball are lying in the grass. 
Mike is angry that it is raining on the fire. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The pie and mitt are on the ground near Jenny. 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is wearing a winter cap. 
Jenny points at the rain. The rain falls on the tent. Mike and Jenny made a campfire. 
It is raining out. Jenny has a hat on. Mike seems quite sad. 
Jenny is near the fire. Mike wants Jenny to play with him. Mike is angry that it is starting to rain. 
It is starting to rain. Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is waving his arms. 
It started to rain in the park. The rain might put out the fire. Mike is mad it is raining on his fire. 
Mike and Jenny are doing a rain dance The dance worked The owl wants to go in the tent 
Mike and Jenny enjoy a pizza for lunch. Mike is holding four balloons. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
The sun is in the sky. Mike is bringing Jenny pizza. Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. 
Mike is holding his arms up. Jenny is sitting at the picnic table. Mike and Jenny like pepperoni pizza. 
Jenny brought pizza for lunch. Mike loves to eat pizza. The pizza has pepperoni on it. 
Jenny is bringing a pizza for Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is standing in front of the sandbox. 
Mike has a pizza to share. The dog wants Mike's cold drink. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Jenny has a soda. Mike is near a tree. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is jumping in the air. The soda is on the grass. 
The pizza is in the grass. Jenny is sitting next to the beach ball. Mike has his arms in the arm. 
Mike threw the pizza in the air. Jenny is jumping up and down. The sun is high in the sky. 
Jenny kicked the ball. Mike is wearing a hat. The ball landed on the pizza. 
Jenny kicked the football. The football landed in the pizza. Mike is sad the pizza got ruined. 
Jenny kicked the football onto the pizza. Mike is sad about the pizza. Jenny is standing under the tree. 
Jenny kicked the ball to Mike. The football landed on the pizza when Jenny kicked it. Mike is sad that the pizza is ruined. 
Jenny kicked the ball onto Mike's pizza. Mike is holding the pizza. Mike is upset at Jenny. 
The football landed on the pizza. Mike is upset the football landed on his pizza. Jenny sees that her football landed on Mike's pizza. 
The football landed on the pizza. Jenny kicked the football. The pizza is on the grass. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Mike is sad about the pizza being ruined Jenny kicked the football 
Jenny has on a blue hat. Jenny kicked the football. It landed on Mike's pizza. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is near mike. Mike is near a pizza. 
Jenny offers her crown to the owl Jenny is standing next to a tree Jenny is looking for Mike 
An owl is sitting in a tree. Jenny is wearing a princess hat. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is waving her crown at the owl Jenny is wearing sunglasses Jenny is sitting next to the tent 
Jenny is holding the crown. The owl sits in the tree. An airplane flies over the park. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is smiling at the owl. Jenny is standing near the tent. 
Jenny is waving to someone. The owl is standing on Jenny's hand. The pie is in front of Jenny. 
Jenny has a crown with gems. Jenny is happy to see a snake. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny has a pretty crown. The sun is shining brightly over the tent. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
An owl is sitting on the barbecue. Jenny is holding a crown. The kite's tail is red. 
The rocket shoots across the sky. The owl sits on the tent. Jenny has a crown with red and blue gems. 
Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. The bear is scaring Mike. There is a balloon in the sky. 
The bear is roaring at Mike. Mike is sitting in front of the tree. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike is very upset. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing black shades. 
Mike fell down. Jenny is copying the bear. Mike hurt his leg. 
Mike is worried his fire is about to go out. The bear does not like fire in his woods. The bear is about to put out Mike's fire. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is scared of a bear. Mike is in front of a tree. 
The Bear scares Jenny away. Mike falls down afraid of the bear. Bears are not allowed in the park. 
Mike is trying to face his fear of bears. The bear is trying to scar Mike. Mike is about to ride a bear. 
The bear tries to scare Mike. Mike tries to scare the bear. A helicopter flies by overhead. 
Mike is running away from the bear. Jenny is scared of the bear. The Bear is after Jenny's Pizza. 
The bear sneaks up on Mike and Jenny. The bear likes pepperoni pizza. The sun is going behind the clouds. 
The bear scared Jenny and Mike. The pizza is on the picnic table. The sun is hiding behind a cloud. 
A bear is holding a pizza. Jenny is running away. A bear is growling at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. A Bear in a hat growls at Jenny Jenny has a Pizza. 
A bear is near a table. Jenny is very afraid. Mike is near a pizza. 
The bear scared Mike and Jenny. The bear took the pizza. Mike is running away from the scary bear. 
Mike is near a table. A bear is near mike. Jenny is very afraid. 
Jenny is not happy. Jenny is near a pizza. A bear is near a yellow table. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. The bear is holding a pizza. Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. 
Mike has a hat on. An airplane is in the sky. Jenny is very sad. 
An owl is perched on the swingset. Mike is mad at the owl. Jenny is running away from the owl. 
The sun is in the sky. Mike is chasing Jenny. The owl is in the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is under the tree. The ball is under the tree. Mike does not want to share the ball with Jenny. Jenny is sad that Mike will not play with her. Jenny is running away from Mike. 
Mike is chasing Jenny. Jenny is running away crying. Mike is by the apple tree. 
Angry playing with mechanical bull tired 
Jenny is sad because Mike is chasing her. Mike is holding a baseball bat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are beside the riding toy. Mike and Jenny are looking at the cat. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is chasing Jenny Mike is very angry There is a plane in the sky 
Mike is very mad. Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike has an owl on his bat. 
The dog is in the sandbox. The slide is next to the sandbox. Mike is holding a toy shove. 
Mike is in the sandbox There is a dog next to Jenny Jenny is sad 
Mike talks to Jenny. Jenny is sad to fall in the sand. The dog wants the baseball glove. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very shock. Jenny is near a dog. 
Jenny is crying in the sandbox. Mike is surprised that Jenny is crying. The dog is standing by the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sand. The dog wants to play. There is a kite in the sky. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. Mike is sitting on the sand box. The dog is standing by the sand box. 
Jenny is sitting in a sand-box. Mike is wearing blue. Mike is sitting in a sand-box. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. Mike is wearing the sun glasses Jenny is holding the shovel. 
Jenny is in the sand box. Mike is in the sand box. The dog is standing by the sand box. 
The kite and frisbee are in the tree. The balloons are floating away. Mike is sitting under the tree. 
Mike and Jenny have sad faces. Mike and Jenny are near the tree. The balloons are colorful. 
Jenny's balloons are getting away. Mike is mad Jenny's balloons are flying away. Jenny is running after her balloons. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny let go of the balloons. Jenny is running away from Mike. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny lost the balloons. A kitty sits by the tree. 
Jenny is running from Mike. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny lost her balloons. 
Jenny is sad that her balloons are flying away. Mike is trying to run to catch the balloons. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. 
There are four balloons. Jenny is sad and crying. The duck is standing between two trees. 
Jenny is running from Mike. Jenny lost her balloons. The cat is in front of the grill. 
Jenny is running and crying. Mike is sitting by the trees. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
The bear has a hot dog. The bear has a bottle of mustard. Mike and Jenny are happy with the bear. 
Jenny is sitting on the table. The bear has stolen the mustard. The helicopter is flying above the bear. 
The bear is holding the mustard There's a baloon behind Mike Jenny is beside the fire 
The brown bear has yellow mustard. Mike has his arms up. Jenny's arms are in the air. 
Mike is holding a drink. Jenny is beside the campfire. The bear is holding mustard. 
The bear is holding the mustard bottle. Mike and Jenny are by the camp fire. The apple tree is nearby. 
The bear stole Jenny's mustard. Jenny is trying to hide her hot dog. Mike is laughing at the bear. 
The bear has the mustard. Mike has a bottle of ketchup. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. 
The screaming bear holds a bottle of mustard. Mike looks worriedly at the shouting bear. A surprised Jenny is running towards Mike. 
The bear is roaring at Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny think the bear is funny. The bear is holding mustard. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with the beach ball They invite the owl to play The owl is afraid he won't be a good kicker 
An owl watches from the tree. There is a cloud in the sky. Jenny and Mike are kicking a ball. 
Jenny kicked the beach ball. The owl watches Mike and Jenny play. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Mike and Jenny are kicking their legs. There is a beach ball in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike kick at the beach ball. There is an owl in the tree. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Mike is sad because it is raining. Jenny still wants to play beach ball. The owl watches Jenny close. 
The owl is watching Mike and Jenny play. Mike and Jenny are kicking a beach ball. Mike and Jenny are having fun together. 
Jenny is kicking a beach ball. Mike and Jenny are having fun. Mike sees an owl in the tree. 
There is an owl in the tree. Jenny is having fun today. Mike is sad because he didn't get to kick the ball. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very happy. Jenny and mike are playing. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing purple shades. Jenny is near a slide. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. The slide goes into the sandbox. Mike is standing at the bottom of the slide. 
A pail is in the sand box. A shovel is beside the sand box. Jenny is running to the slide. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the slide. Jenny will land in the sandbox. Mike is wearing black sunglasses. 
Jenny slides down the slide. Mike is mad at Jenny. The slide is in the sandbox. 
The bottom of the slide is in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny moved the slide. Mike and Jenny want to play on the slide. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing purple shades. Jenny is on a slide. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. The shovel is against the sandbox. Mike is clapping for Jenny. 
Jenny dropped her hot dog. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is crying. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is standing in a sand-box. jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike is really happy. Mike is near a dog. Mike is wearing the color blue. 
The dog stole Mike's hamburger. Mike is mad at the dog. The dog is wearing a viking hat. 
The dog is enjoying a hamburger. The fire is too close to the tent. Mike likes ice cold lemonade. 
The tent is behind Mike Mike stands in front of the fire Mike standsbeside a dog 
Mike is sitting by the fire. A cloud is blocking the sun above Mike. The dog has a hamburger in his mouth. 
Mike is standing at the tent. The dog has a hamburger in its mouth. There is more food on the grill. 
The burger is on the dog head. Mike is standing by the tent. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
The dog is eating the hamburger. The campfire is beside the tent. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a snow hat. The dog has a hamburger. The sun is shining over the tent. 
There is an air balloon in the sky. The dog is about to eat a hotdog. Mike is waving at the dog. 
Mike is standing in the grass. jenny is standing on a table. There is a burger on a table. 
Jenny is on the table! Mike just kicked a beach ball. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny stands on the picnic table. Mike kicks the beach ball to Jenny. Mike wears a viking's helmet. 
Jenny is standing on a picnic table. Jenny threw a beach ball. It is raining in the sky. 
Jenny is standing on the table. Mike is kicking the beach ball. The cat is orange and brown. 
Jenny is standing on the table. Mike wants the beach ball. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Jenny is jumping high to catch the ball. Mike fell on the ground. The owl is perched in the tree. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very shock. Jenny is near a beach-ball. 
Jenny is jumping off the picnic table. Mike is holding a tennis racket. The sun is out. 
Mike is kicking a beach ball. The owl is watching Mike. Jenny is standing on the table. 
Mike and Jenny pitch a tent. Jenny has a hotdog with mustard. Mike is happy to camp out with Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting at the tent. Mike is waving his arms at Jenny. The tent is pitched by the tree. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is waving her arms at the helicopter. Jenny is in front of the tent. 
Mike and Jenny are finishing the set up of the tent. Mike and Jenny are happy that the tent is now complete. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. 
The cat is sitting by the tent. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is running to Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting next to the tent. There is ketchup on the table. Mike is standing at the tent flap. 
Mike is pretending to be a pirate. Mike makes Jenny laugh. Jenny likes the brown dog. 
Mike sees an airplane in the sky. Jenny sits by the tent. Mike talks to Jenny. 
There is a tent on the grass. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a tent. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike was wearing his chef's hat. The green snake wanted Jenny to play. Mike waved to the airplane flying overhead. 
The plane is white with a red tail. Jenny is sitting next to a baseball. A green snake is behind Mike. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike waves at the plane. Jenny talks to the snake. Apples grow on the tree. 
Mike is waving his arm. Jenny is sitting on the grass. A plane is flying toward a cloud. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike kicks a football. 
Mike is waving his hand. Jenny is sitting on grass. The snake is looking at Jenny. 
Jenny is very shocked. Mike is very happy. Mike has on purple shades. 
Jenny is surprised by the snake. A plane is flying above the kids. The snake is talking to Mike. 
A snake is under the tree. Jenny is upset with Mike. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the storm. Mike is sitting by the slide. Jenny is standing by the tent. 
Mike slid down the slide. An owl sits on the slide. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike just fell off the slide. Jenny is going to help Mike. Mike is sitting by the slide. Mike just went down the slide. Jenny is running towards Mike. Jenny is going to see Mike. 
Mike hurt himself going down the slide Jenny is laughing at Mark There is a football and a basketball to play with 
Jenny is holding a tennis racquet. Mike fell off of the slide. There is a yellow ball on the ground. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike fell off the slide. Jenny is worried about Mike falling. 
Jenny is happy to see the cat. Mike is not happy. Mike is at the bottom of the slide. 
Mike slides down the slide. "Jenny hollers ""yipee!""" Mike wears purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is waiving a tennis racquet. Mike fell off of the slide. Nobody is playing in the sand box. 
jenny is wearing sunglasses mike is sliding down the slide the dog is standing there 
Jenny is happy the cat has come to play. Mike is happy to see the cat. Mike and Jenny think it is funny the cat is in the park. 
Mike is sitting in the grass There is a cat in front of Mike and Jenny There is a bucket in front of Jenny 
Mike has a soda. Jenny is sitting by the tree. Mike and Jenny like the cat. 
Jenny is sitting next to the cat. Mike is holding the pail. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny has a sad look on her face. Mike has a smile on his face. Mike is running to the cat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. The cat wants to play in the sandbox  too. Mike and Jenny see a friend coming to the park. 
The baseball is next to Jenny. Jenny is waving at the cat. Mike is smiling. 
Jenny is behind Mike Mike holds a pop Mike is in front of a sandbox 
The rocket is soaring in the sky. Jenny is surprised to see the owl in the tree. Mike is sitting by the ketchup. 
Mike is holding a cup of juice. Jenny is holding a bottle of ketchup. The cat is sitting on the ground. 
There is an owl in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses. There is a basketball next to Mike. 
The owl is standing in the sandbox. Mike is very surprised. Jenny is talking to the owl. 
The owl is in the sandbox. Mike is angrily holding a bat. Jenny is looking alarmed at Mike. 
The owl is flying by Mike is trying to catch the owl. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Mike is looking at the owl. Jenny looks shocked. The owl is standing on the sand box. 
The owl is in the sandbox. Mike is reaching for an apple from the tree. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Mike is standing in a sand-box. Jenny is near a sand-box. A owl is in a sand-box. 
Jenny fell down. Mike is marching. The owl is in the sandbox. 
Mike asks Jenny if she has seen his dog. An owl is perched on the sandbox. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. 
Mike sees his baseball and bat. Jenny waves hello to Mike. An owl sits in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike see that there is a tent set up. Jenny and mike are happy to see there is a tent to keep them dry from the rain. Jenny and Mike are happy there is a tent to hide from the airplane in. 
Rain is falling on the tent. Jenny and Mike are standing by the tent. A plane is flying over Jenny's head. 
Jenny is sad because it is raining. Mike is sitting next to Jenny. The airplane is flying over the tent. 
An airplane flies above Jenny and Mike. Mike sits outside the tent in the rain. Jenny waves at Mike. 
There is a tent on the grass. An airplane is flying in the sky. Mike is happy and Jenny is mad. 
Jenny is happy it is raining out. The owl sit high in the tree. Mike has on a silly hat. 
Jenny is happy to see the dog. Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Rain is coming from the sky. 
Mike is sitting by the tent. Jenny is standing by the tent. The plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is sad it is raining. Jenny waves at the airplane. Jenny started a campfire. 
Mike and Jenny do not like the rain. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The cat sees the airplane. 
Mike wants the first slice of pizza. Jenny wants a slice as well. A soda is next to the pizza. 
Mike is mad because Jenny is running away. There is pizza and soda on the table. The hot air ballon is high in the sky. 
Mike chased Jenny around the table. The cat watch Mike chase Jenny around the table. The cat wants to eat a piece of pizza. 
Jenny kicked her foot into the air. Mike is mad cause he wants to eat the whole pizza. The pizza was for Jenny and Mike to eat. 
Mike and Jenny are moving the table. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike and jenny look tired and hot. 
Jenny is running. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is beside the picnic table. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is waving and happy. A hot air balloon flies overhead. 
Jenny is holding a soda. Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is looking at the hot air balloon. 
It is a cloudy day. Mike is chasing Jenny angrily. There is a soda on the table. 
Jenny wears a hat like a pirate. Mike made a pizza to share. Jenny is going home. 
Mike is very sad. jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a fire. 
Mike smiles by the campfire. Jenny is crying by the tent. Mike has mustard in his hand. 
Jenny is a chef. Mike made a campfire. Jenny brought mustard to eat. 
Jenny is wearing a cooking hat Mike is sitting under the sun Jenny is standing next to the mustard 
Mike brought some mustard to put on his hotdogs. Mike made a big campfire in the park. Jenny is worried the campfire is too big. 
Mike has a chef hat. Jenny is happy about the fire. Mike and Jenny have a fire 
Jenny is holding mustard. Mike is sitting on the picnic table. There is a hot dog on the grass. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike and Jenny stand next to the fire. The mustard is next to Jenny. 
There is a red helicopter. Mike has a mustard bottle. Jenny likes the fire. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the fire. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
The hotdog is cooking on the grill. Mike likes a warm fire. The sun is shining high in the sky. 
Mike is burning the hamburgers. The pizza is on the picnic table. The campfire is warm. 
An owl is standing in the pine tree. There are hot dogs on the grill. Mike is standing next to the camp fire. 
Mike burned the hamburgers on the grill. The blue duck is waddling away. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike is grilling hot dogs. Mike has a campfire and a grill. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny is worried that the hotdogs are burning. Mike is running to the grill. Jenny is jumping up and down. 
Mike is surprised by the lightening. The campfire is beside the grill. There is rain in the sky. 
Mike is holding hot-dogs. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is near a fire. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is standing beside the campfire. The grill is beside the campfire. 
Jenny isn't very happy today. The grill is near the camp fire. Mike is sad because there are no hamburgers. 
Mike is playing baseball. Jenny is playing on the slide. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. The baseball is in the grass. Jenny is beside the slide. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing shades. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike wants to play baseball. The jet is flying over. Mike is by the slide. 
Mike is playing baseball. Jenny is waving behind the slide. It is a cloudy day today. 
Mike is running toward the slide. Mike is holding a baseball. The helicopter is flying away. 
Mike is happy to see an airplane. Mike is playing by the slide. Mike has a baseball and bat. 
Jenny is afraid to go down the slide. Mike wants to play baseball. Mike is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Mike is running toward the slide. Mike lost the tennis ball. 
Mike wants to play baseball. Mike talks to the dog and cat. Mike wants to slide. 
Mike is a bear. Jenny is near mike. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Mike and Jenny are laughing at the bear. The bear is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike brought balloons for the bear. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking at the bear. Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. 
Jenny has colorful ballons. The bear is trying to scare Jenny and Mike. Mike has a silly hat on. 
The bear jumped for joy he has a hotdog. The bear held the four balloons really high. Mike had a soda in his hand. 
Mike is holding a bunch of balloons. The bear is roaring behind Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny has balloons. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the park. 
The bear is wearing a hat. Jenny and Mike are kicking the ball. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
The bear has on a viking hat. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. The bear is wearing the hat. 
The bear is wearing a hat. Jenny and Mike are happy. Mike has four balloons. 
A hamburger is sitting on the table. The dog is standing beside the table. Jenny is sitting by the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sad because she wants a hamburger. The mustard is on the table. 
Jenny is sad because she has no food. Mike is holding a hamburger. The pink shovel is on Jenny's lap. 
Mike is very angry. jenny is very sad. Mike is holding a burger. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting under the apple tree. Mike has a hamburger and mustard. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is sad because she is hungry. Mike is eating a hamburger. The sun is shining on the apple tree. 
A rocket is taking off overhead. Mike is holding a hamburger and looking angry. Jenny is sitting on the ground crying. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike is laughing. A dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the table and crying. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Mike loves hamburger with ketchup. Jenny sat on the wet grass. The owl wanted a bite of Mike's hamburger. 
Jenny is sad because she didn't catch the ball. Mike has a baseball bat. The orange cat watches Jenny and Mike play. 
The loud rocket scares Jenny. Mike hit the ball so high Jenny could not catch it. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Jenny has a pizza. A baseball is in the air. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny will try to catch the baseball. The big balloon floats by. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike hit the ball with the bat. The ball will land on Jenny's head. 
Jenny is wearing the glove. Mike is holding the bat. Mike is hitting the ball. 
The cat has a hamburger. Mike hit the baseball. Jenny tried to catch the ball. 
Jenny is sitting on the grass looking sad. Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is sad. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is near a tree. jenny is near a base-ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing baseball. Mike is holding the baseball bat. The ball is in the grass beside Jenny. 
Jenny is going to float away with the balloons. Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. The apple tree is behind the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sand box. Jenny is holding four colored balloons. There is ball near Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny has colorful balloons. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. The sandbox is beside the apple tree. 
Mike is sad. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Jenny has balloons to share. 
Jenny is in a sand-box. Mike is near a shovel. jenny is very surprised. 
Some fruit is in the tree. Jenny has balloons. Mike is standing in the sandbox. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is in a sand-box. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. A pail of sand is outside of the sandbox. It is a cloudy day. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox playing. There is an apple tree behind the sandbox. There is a red bucket in the sandbox. 
A bear scares Jenny. Jenny is scared by the bear in their campsite. Jenny is scared by the bear and the lightning. 
There is lightning about to strike the tent. The bear is scared from the loud thunder. The bright lightning is scaring Jenny. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Jenny is sitting near the campfire. It is starting to rain. 
Jenny is being rained on. Jenny has a red hat. A bear is after Jenny. 
The gray clouds shoot lighting and drops rain. The bear is scared of the lightning. Jenny is surprised to see a scared bear. 
The bear stole the pie. Jenny is wearing a police hat. Mike is hiding in the tent. 
Jenny is crying because she's scared. A bear is roaring at Jenny. Jenny sits outside of the tent. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. There is a lightning cloud. The bear is growling. 
Jenny is sitting next to a fire. The bear is making Jenny cry. Jenny is drinking soda and eating pie. 
A lightning bolt strikes above Jenny. Raindrops fall behind the large orange tent. A surprised bear screams at Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a wizard's hat. It is sunny today. 
Mike has a pirate hat. Jenny has a blue hat. Mike and Jenny both want the football. 
Mike is giving Jenny the football. Jenny is wearing her crown. The hot air balloon flies over. 
Mike wants to play football. The dafty duck can't play football. Jenny wants to play another game. 
Mike are Jenny are happy because they are playing football. Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is holding the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting over the football. Jenny thinks the ball is hers. Mike wants the ball back from Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a baseball hat. Mike and Jenny are playing with a football. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. Jenny and Mike are both wearing hats. There is a duck behind Mike. 
Jenny is wearing the the hat. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sad because he wants the ball. 
Mike wants to play football. Mike wears a blue cap. Jenny wears a gold crown. 
Mike will give the bear a burger. Jenny is mad because she wants the burger. The bucket is by the trees. 
A bear scares Jenny Mike offers the bear a hamburger Mike is in front of the tent 
Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is standing by the tree. The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
The bear wants the hamburger. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is giving the bear a hamburger. Jenny is kicking her foot in the air. The ketchup is on the table. 
The bear wants to eat the pie. Mike is afraid of the bear. Mike has a hamburger. 
Jenny and Mike are scared of the bear. Mike is holding a hamburger. An angry bear is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is sad because he wants the hog dog. A bear is holding the hot dog. 
The bear looks mean. Mike has a burger. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny offered the bear a hamburger. The bear makes a scary noise. Mike and Jenny are smiling. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting under a tree. Jenny is holding a drink. The dog is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny  is very happy. Mike is holding a soda-can. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding a drink. Mike is standing beside the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a cup of lemonade. Jenny is sitting next to an apple tree. 
Jenny has something to drink. Mike is chasing the Frisbee. The dog is by the apple tree. 
Mike is sharing his soda with Jenny. Jenny brought a Frisbee to the park. The Frisbee and tennis ball are on the ground. 
Jenny is running toward Mike. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
The sun is out. Mike has a soda. Some fruit is on the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are resting by the apple tree. Jenny is talking and talking and talking. Mike is confused because Jenny talks to fast and he doesn't understand what she is talking about. 
Mike has round purple glasses. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. 
The cat and the duck are watching the rocket. The hot air balloon landed in the grass. Mike and Jenny do not want to play with the ball. 
Mike is worried that the soccer ball he kicked is going to land in the fire. Jenny is surprised by the rocket flying by in the sky. The duck is watching Mike and Jenny playing at the park. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. The rocket ship is flying in the sky. The duck is watching Mike. 
Mike and Jenny want to play soccer Mike is standing next to the duck Jenny is standing next to the fire 
A rocket ship is flying in the sky. Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. An owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is being chased by a duck. Mike is playing soccer. Mike and Jenny are by a fire. 
A rocket is taking off overhead. The duck is between Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are kicking a soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny have a fire. Jenny threw the soccer ball. Mike is waving at the rocket. 
Jenny and Mike are kicking the ball. The duck is next to Jenny. The rocket is red and gray. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. The rocket is in the sky. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is running toward the swing. The soccer ball is rolling across the grass. 
Jenny is running. Mike is running behind Jenny. The beach ball is where the swings are. Mike is very happy.. Jenny is really excited. There's a beach-ball near a swing-set. 
Jenny is standing by the tree. The pail is by the swing. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Mike and Jenny see the toy bee. Mike and Jenny are running past the slide. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is running towards the swings. 
Mike and Jenny are running to the swings. Mike and Jenny are smiling. The sun is shining brightly. 
Mike and Jenny are running to the swing set. The swing set is next to the slide. The slide is in the middle of the swing set and slide. 
Mike and Jenny are running toward the swings. A yellow toy is next to the swings. The sun is shining. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny i running behind mike. Mike is near Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are happy to play on the swing. Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
There are clouds in the sky. The rocket is flying off. Jenny is standing by a pail of sand. 
Jenny is wearing a winter cap. Mike is wearing sunglasses. A rocket is flying in the rain shower. 
Jenny is sitting under the apple tree. Jenny has on a baseball cap and sunglasses. Jenny saw the rocket ship take off. 
jenny is wearing purple hat. jenny is wearing pink. Jenny is near a tree. 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Jenny is sitting near the picnic table. A rocket is taking off. 
Jenny is very surprised. jenny is near a table. A pizza is on a table. 
A rocket is blasting off into space. The dog is standing by the swings. Jenny sees the rocket. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The dog is watching the rocket take off. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
A rocket is in the park. Jenny has a hat with a star on. Rain is falling nearby. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny sees the rocket. Rain is falling from the cloud. 
Mike is running towards the bear. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The bear is wearing a baseball cap. 
Jenny is holding the ball. Mike is holding the racket. The bear is wearing the hat. 
Mike has a helmet on. The sun is shining. Jenny has on a pink dress. 
A bear stole Mike's basketball. Mike has a taste for vengeance. The duck doesn't care. 
The bear is wearing a hat. The bear is holding a basketball. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
The bear has a basketball. There is pizza on the table. Jenny is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is mad the bear stole the ball. The bear is wearing a silly hat. Mike dropped the tennis racket. 
The bear stole Mike's basketball. The bear is wearing a chef hat. Mike is angry at the bear. 
Mike wants to fight the bear. The bear wants to play basketball. Jenny tries to stop Mike. 
The bear is wearing a hat. The bear is holding a basketball. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
Jenny is wearing glasses Mike is sad that his pizza is ruined by rain Jenny doesn't care about Mike's pizza 
The pie is on the table. Mike is holding his arms up. Rain drops are falling. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
The berry pie and hotdog are getting wet. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The rocketship is blasting off. 
Jenny sees a rocket ship. Mike is holding a hotdog. Mike is sad it is raining. 
Mike wonders where his hamburger is. Jenny sees a rocket in the sky. Mike and Jenny have hotdogs and hamburgers for lunch. 
Jenny waved to the rocket ship. Mike baked a pie. The rain fell on the hotdogs. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is watching the rocket take off. Mike is getting rained on. 
Mike is holding a large pizza. There is a rocket ship in the sky. Jenny is sitting by the tree. 
Jenny is flying her rocket Jenny is wearing a viking hat Mike is mad that the rain is falling on his grill 
Mike is holding a hot-dog. jenny is holding a shovel. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Jenny is playing with her sand box toys. Mike is sitting at the picnic table. There is a hot dog in Mike's hand. 
Jenny plays with a shovel and pail. Mike eats a hot dog for lunch. Jenny is happy for the sunshine. 
Mike is eating a hot dog Jenny is playing with a shovel and bucket Mike and Jenny are happy 
Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny is holding a pink bucket. It is a cloudy day. 
Jenny plays in the sandbox. Mike eats a hot dog. Jenny holds a shovel. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is eating a hot-dog. jenny is standing in a sand-box. 
Mike has a hot dog. Jenny has a bucket. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox. Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. 
Mike is feeling sad. Jenny can't catch the Frisbee. Jenny feels very mad. 
A plane is flying over the park. The cat watches Mike and Jenny. Jenny and Mike are fighting. 
It is a cloudy day. Jenny is angry at someone. Mike is upset at the cat. 
Jenny is holding the burger. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the mustard. 
The cat is sitting next to Mike Jenny is very angry Jenny is standing in front of an apple tree 
Mike and Jenny are talking to the cat. The bucket is full of sand. The tree is covered in apples. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very sad. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are angry at the hot air balloon Mike and Jenny are sitting next to pizza Mike is sitting next to a tree 
Mike is wearing a hat with horns. Jenny is mad at the cat. The cat is sitting next to a tree. 
Jenny is kicking her leg. The cat is looking at Jenny. Mike is waiving at Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny play with the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing a cap on her head. A pink shovel and pail are on the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. Jenny and Mike are smiling. Jenny kicked the soccer ball to a dog. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. A bear is growling at Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. A hot air balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike kicked the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny will kick the ball back to Mike. 
Jenny is happy to play with Mike. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The sun is hiding behind a cloud. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball towards Jenny. A blue duck waddles by the pink slide. A giant cloud floats above the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The sun is behind the cloud. The tree is near the children. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The green snake is under the tree. Mike and Jenny are smiling 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. There is one cloud in the sky. Mike is surprised  but Jenny is happy. 
The bear is wearing a Viking cap. The bear is roaring at the dog. The dog is standing by a pizza. 
Mike is wearing a Viking hat. The dog is standing by the pizza. An airplane flies through the sky. 
The bear is wearing a viking hat. The brown dog is watching the bear. It is a cloudy day at the park. 
The bear is holding a tennis racket. The dog is standing next to a pizza. The bear is wearing a helmet. 
The bear wants to play tennis. The dog has a pizza. The bear is wearing a viking helmet. 
The bear is wearing the the hat. The bear is holding the racket. The pizza is sitting on the ground. 
The bear is holding a racket. The dog stands by the tree. A hamburger and pizza are on the ground. 
A bear is near a tree. A dog is wearing a blue collar. A pizza in on the grass. 
The bear wants to play tennis. The dog did not bring a ball. The bear is very upset. 
The bear is holding a racket. The dog is standing at the picnic table. There is a pizza on the picnic table. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting down and crying. Mike is going after the soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is sitting on the ground. It is going to rain sooon. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground and crying. 
Jenny fell down playing soccer. Jenny wore sunglasses to the park today. Mike wants his soccer ball back. 
There is a plane high in the sky. Mike is depressed because soccer is boring . Jenny feels the same  and is flustered. 
Mike and Jenny picnic together. Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny is sad to fall. 
Jenny cries because she loses the ball. Mike is raising his arms because he wins. The cat is sitting behind Mike. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is sitting by the sand box. Jenny is sad because she wants the ball. 
Jenny is sitting next to the tree. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is throwing the ball. 
Mike is raising his hands in the air. Jenny is sad that the ball is rolling away from her. There is an air balloon in the sky. 
mike is very sad. jenny is very mad. jenny is running from the bear. 
A bear is loose in the park. It waves its paws and roars. Mike and Jenny run away. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. They are running away. Mike and Jenny did not get to eat the pie. 
The bear and Jenny are doing jumping jacks Mikes is jogging around the park The bee buzzy wishes someone would ride him 
A bear is chasing Jenny and Mike away. The tent is next to the tree. An airplane flies overhead. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike is wearing the hat. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
Jenny is holding Mike's hand. The bear is next to the tree. Mike is trying to run. 
Jenny and Mike look sad and worried. The bear is behind them holding a hot dog. There are two balls on the ground. 
The bear won't let Mike and Jenny play. Mike does not want to go home. Jenny is sad Mike is going home. 
Mike is scared of the bear. Jenny is standing by the fire. The bear is standing by the tree. 
Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is bringing Mike ketchup. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is wearing a black pirate hat. Mike has on a chef hat. Mike is calling Jenny over for a hot dog. 
Jenny is sad because she want the hot dog. Mike is holding the hot dog. The pailis next to the table. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike has a hot dog. There is a plane in the sky. 
There is a hot dog on the table. Jenny is running to the table. Mike has new glasses. 
Mike has a hotdog. Jenny is running at Mike. A plane is above Mike. 
Jenny is running to Mike. Mike is holding a hotdog. The helicopter is above Mike. 
Mike has the hotdog. The duck is under the table. Jenny is running to the table. 
Mike  is very shock. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a table. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is looking for the ketchup. The mustard is on the table. 
Jenny is very happy. A dog is near jenny. Mike is holding balloons. 
Mike is near Jenny. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near balloons. 
Mike has new balloons. Jenny is by the dog. Jenny is waving to the plane. 
The balloons are flying away. Mike and Jenny are upset. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
There are four balloons. There tree has a hole. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Mike has a soda pop. There are pretty ballons in the sky. The soccer ball is on the ground. 
An airplane flies in the sky. The dog is between Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
The balloons are in the sky. Mike is wearing the hat. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are holding balloons. A dog is standing next to Jenny. Mike and Jenny look happy. 
The balloons are floating away. Mike looks happy. There is a dog next to Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a puffy chef's hat. The cat sits in front of the pie. The cherry pie rests on the yellow table. 
The dog is on the table the cat is sitting on the table Mike is wearing purple sunglasses 
Mike is wearing the hat. The cat is sitting next to the pie The dog is standing next to the pie. 
Mike is calling to the cat and dog. The cat and dog are standing by a pie. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. 
A pie is on the ground. Jenny has a kite. Mike is near a dog and a cat. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. The cat is sitting on the table. There are three hot dogs on the grill. 
Mike is wearing a chef's hat and sunglasses. Mike is holding a pie. The dog and cat want some pie. 
The cat hid under the table. The dog saw the pie on the table. The cat wanted to eat the hamburger. 
Mike is sitting next to the campfire. Mike is wearing a police hat. The pie and hotdog are on the table. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. The pie is on the grass. The cat is sitting by the pie. 
Mike is holding a soccer ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is beside the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting by the tent. It is raining in the park. Jenny is standing by the tent. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball to Mike. Mike is waiting to kick the soccer ball. Rain drops are falling the cloud. 
Jenny is great at kicking a soccer ball. Mike was happy Jenny kicked the ball so far. Jenny had on her glasses so she could see better. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is standing in front of the tree. Rain drops are falling from the cloud. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. The picnic table is under the apple tree. It is raining at the park today. 
It is starting to rain. Jenny and Mike are kicking the ball. Jenny is near the swing set. 
It is raining in the distance. Jenny kicked the ball toward Mike. Mike is happy because Jenny kicked the ball toward him. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the campfire. Mike is telling a story. Jenny is mad  she does not like the story. 
Mike is very mad. Mike is very happy. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike likes to sit by the fire. Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny sit together Mike is excite to eat pie Mike is wearing a baseball cap 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Two balls are behind Jenny. 
There are clouds in front of the sun. There is rain in the sky. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Mike is wearing black sunglasses. Mike is wearing a helicopter hat. Jenny is crying. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Mike is sitting by the tree. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing black shades. Jenny is not happy. Jenny is holding a foot-ball. 
Mike is wearing a crown Mike is wearing sunglasses Mike and Jenny are sitting next to a tree 
The snake is at the top of the slide. Mike is at the bottom of the slide. Jenny and Mike look surprised. 
Jenny is running away. A snake is chasing Mike. There are toys in the sand box. 
Jenny chases Mike with a pail Mike runs away from Jenny A snake follows Mike and Jenny 
Jenny and Mike are running from the snake. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are next to the apple tree. 
The snake is trying to find shade. Jenny is sitting on the table. Mike is trying to scare the snake away. 
Jenny and Mike are running away from the snake. Mike is angry because Jenny is faster than him. The sun is hiding behind the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the snake. A snake is chasing Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny run away from the snake. 
The snake is chasing Jenny Mike is wearing a blue shirt Jenny is wearing a pink dress 
Mike and Jenny run from a snake. Mike wears a gold crown. The snake sits by the swing set. 
Mike is near a green snake. Mike is wearing black shades. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
The sun is in the sky. The bear is about to surprise the cat. The cat is sitting in the sandbox. 
The cat was wearing glasses. The bear did not know who the cat was. Mike pulled Jenny's pigtails. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny is drinking the water. The cat is sitting by the bear. 
The bear is smaller then Jenny. The cat is in front of the bear. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is holding a soda. The bear is smaller then Mike. The cat is in front of the bear. 
Mike is sitting by Jenny. The bear is wearing the sun glasses. The cat is sitting by the bear. 
There is one cloud in the sky. The bear is roaring at the cat. Jenny and Mike are both waving. 
Jenny is shocked to see a bear. Mike is jumping with the bear. Mike is over by the swingset. 
The cat is in the sandbox Mike is in front of the cat There's a bear beside Mike 
The bear is wearing a Viking hat. The cat is sitting by the bear. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Mike is eating a hamburger Jenny is scared An airplane is flying behind Mike 
Mike ate a hamburger and drank a soda. Jenny watched the airplane in the sky. Mike didn't share his burger with Jenny. 
Mike has a soda and hamburger. There is a cloud in the sky. Jenny does not want a hamburger. 
There is a big airplane in the sky. Jenny has not food. Mike has a hamburger and soda. 
Mike and jenny sit down for lunch. Mike is eating a hamburger. A plane flies over Mike and Jenny's heads. 
Mike is eating a hamburger Mike is sitting next to a soda An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny 
Jenny has a pink jumper on. Mike has a burger in his hand. Mike is holding a soda-can. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny looks hungry and wants  a hamburger. The big plane is flying by. 
Mike is holding the burger. The water is sitting on the table. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is holding a hamburger and drink. It is a cloudy day. Jenny is sitting down looking surprised. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike wants the pizza on the table. Mike wants his sunglasses. 
A pretty hot air balloon floats by. Mike is trying to teach Jenny how to kick. Jenny has never kicked a soccer ball. 
Mike is near a tree. Wendy is very sad. Wending is kicking a soccer ball. 
An owl watches Mike and Jenny play. Jenny kicked the soccer ball the wrong way. Mike worries he won't be able to catch the ball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is  catching the ball. 
A hot air balloon is flying. Jenny is near the the swings. Mike is holding both arms up. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very surprised. Jenny is kicking a soccer-ball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is  kicking the bll. Mike is standing next to the tree. 
A hot air balloon is behind the three. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. The riding toy is beside the slide. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Mike wants his soccer ball back. Jenny does not want to play soccer. 
There is a hot air balloon in the sky. The snake is close to the dog. The beach ball is near the tree. 
The smiling brown dog stares at the snake. An unhappy Jenny jumps in the air. A grey cloud floats above the bumblebee ride. 
The dog is sniffing the snake. Jenny is worried the dog will get bitten. The dog was chasing a baseball. 
The dog is sniffing the snake. There is a thunderstorm. Jenny is watching the dog. 
The snake is curious about the dog. Jenny is scared of the snake. The sky is cloudy today  but the sun is out. 
Jenny is afraid of the large green snake. The brown dog smiles at the green snake. Mike is running in front of the tree. 
Jenny and her dog see a snake. The dog wants to sniff the snake. Jenny is scared of the snake and cries. 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. The dog is facing the snake. Jenny is sitting down. 
Jenny is standing by the tree crying. The snake and the dog sniff each other. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. 
Mike is watching the snake. Jenny is worried about the dog. The dog is looking at the snake. 
There is an owl in the tree. Mike and Jenny are camping. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the fire. 
Mike is sitting with his legs crossed. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. The bucket is next to the tent. 
Mike sat in front of the tent. The tent belongs to Jenny. Jenny waved at Mike. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting by the tent. Mike's hat is falling off his head. 
Jenny wears a colorful hat. Jenny and Mike sit together under a tree. Jenny and Mike sing a song about hats. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is talking to the cat. Mike is next to the soda. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike is sitting next to the tent. 
Jenny is wearing a helicopter hat. The fire is very big. Mike is sitting on the ground  smiling. 
There is a beach ball above the tent. Jenny is sitting beside the tent. Jenny has a colorful hat. 
Mike is walking away from Jenny. Jenny is crying because Mike is leaving. The snake is looking at the glove. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. The air plane is flying in the sky. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Mike and Jenny see a green snake. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. A green snake scares Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. 
Mike is chasing the snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is laughing at Jenny. 
Mike is playing fetch with the snake Mike is sitting next to the slide Jenny wants to play with Mike 
Mike mad at the green snake. Jenny very afraid of the snake.. There is a base-ball glove in the grass. 
Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is wearing a pink dress. Jenny is happy it's sunny. 
There is a snake in the grass Mike and Jenny are scared of the snake There are two balls in the grass 
Jenny wears purple sunglasses. Mike kicks the green snake. Jenny reaches for the green snake. 
Jenny is in front of an apple tree Mike stands beside Jenny There's an owl beside Jenny 
Mike is throwing his hat at Jenny. There is an owl sitting in the tree. Jenny is trying to catch the hat. 
Mike has lost his blue cap. Mike and Jenny are standing at the apple tree. There is a hot dog and a hamburger on the table. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike is reaching towards the tree. Jenny is standing by Mike crying. 
Mike is beside Jenny There's a baloon behind Jenny Mike is in fron of the apple tree 
Mike is kicking Jenny. Jenny is sad. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny is holding a baseball cap. An owl is sitting in the tree. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is very shocked. Mike is near jenny. 
Mike is holding a bat. An owl is in the tree. Jenny is mad because her hat is in the tree. 
The hat is stuck in the tree. Jenny is running away from the owl. The hot air ballon is soaring in the air. 
It is raining on Mike. Mike is holding four balloons. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike has been struck by lightning. Jenny is running to his rescue. The cloud is pouring rain on Jenny. 
Jenny is angry because it is starting to rain. Mike is sad that he can not play tennis because of the rain. Mike is holding the tennis racket. 
It's raining over Mike and Jenny Mike is sad that it's raining Jenny is angry that it's raining 
It is raining on Mike. Mike is wearing a hat with horns. Mike is holding a red and white cup. 
There is a raincloud in the sky. Jenny is standing beside a tree. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny took Mike's baseball bat. Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Jenny's hat is on the grass. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Mike is being rained on. Jenny is sitting by a fire. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting on the table. Jenny is sitting by the table. 
It is raining now. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The sandbox will get muddy in the rain. 
The cat is holding the bat. The ball is on the table. The snake is next to the table. 
The cat is next to the bat. The snake is next to the ball. The tree has apples growing. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mr. Snake and Miss Cat play ball. Jenny rolls the ball to the cat. 
The cat is sitting by the snake. The baseball is in the grass. The swing set has two swings. 
It is a sunny day. The swing set is empty. The cat and the snake are near each other. 
The cat is playing with the baseball. There is a rocket in the sky. There are apples on the tree. 
The cat is annoyed that a snake is playing baseball. The snake just wants to be included. The cat doesn't want the snake to play. 
Mike and Jenny standing under the sun Mike and jenny are standing next to the swings Mike and Jenny are happy to see the appletree 
The cat is holding a baseball bat. There is a large sandbox with sand in it. A green snake is slithering past the sandbox. 
The cat is wearing a baseball hat The cat is sitting next to the baseball Mike and Jenny are missing 
Mike and Jenny see the airplane. The big airplane is nearby. Mike is sitting by the pie. 
Mike pulled his hat down over his eyes. Jenny saw the swing set behind Mike. Mike told Jenny she could swing. 
Jenny is very shocked. Mike is very happy. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
A plane is flying low over the park. Jenny warns the cat about the plane. Jenny is worried the plane is too low. 
Jenny is waiting to catch the tennis ball. Mike is holding the tennis ball. There is a pink pail in the sandbox. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is near a dog. Jenny is near a orange cat. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the slide. Mike is throwing the ball. 
Jenny has a bucket of sand. Mike is smiling at Jenny. The airplane is in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. The duck is watching Jenny. Mike is holding the football. 
An airplane flies overhead. Jenny is smiling at Mike. Jenny is wearing a winter cap. 
Mike and Jenny are playing outside. Mike wants Jenny to throw the ball. The owl is watching Mike. 
An owl is in the tree. Mike has a crown on. Jenny has her arms in the air. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Jenny and Mike are excited. The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny and Mike are yelling for the owl. 
An owl is perched in a fir tree. Jenny is afraid of the owl. Mike is saying hi to the owl. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Mike and Jenny are happy and excited. Mike and Jenny came to play at the park. 
The sun is above Jenny Mike is behind Jenny Jenny looks at the owl 
Mike is standing by the tree. The owl is sitting in the tree. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. There is a swing set behind Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are happy to see the owl. 
The owl is in the tree. It is a sunny day. Mike and Jenny are smiling at each other. 
Mike is sitting down beside the cat. Mike is wearing a blue hat. The owl is watching from the tree. 
Mike is wearing a wizard hat Mike is sitting next to the cat Mike is sad that Jenny is not there 
Mike has a purple hat on. A beach-ball in in the grass. A owl is standing near-by. 
Mike is playing with a cat. An owl is sitting under the apple tree. Mike is feeling happy. 
Mike is playing a game. He is dressed up as a wizard. Mike is sitting in the woods. 
Mike is sitting with the cat. The owl is under the tree. Mike is wearing the witch's hat. 
Mike is wearing a wizard hat Mike is petting a cat Mike is sitting under a cloud 
Mike is wearing a witch hat. The cat is going to ambush Mike. The owl is hiding in the tree. 
Mike is sad because Jenny is home. The cat is sitting next to Mike. There is an owl watching Mike and the cat. 
Mike is sitting next to the cat. The owl is sitting under the tree. Mike is wearing a witch's hat. 
Jenny is near a soccer-ball. Jenny is near a basketball. Jenny is near a beach ball. 
The owl was sitting in the apple tree. Jenny wanted to kick the soccer ball. Jenny ran to get the beach ball. 
Jenny is wearing a crown Jenny is running with soda Jenny is mad at the beach ball 
Jenny is running to the soccer ball. It is very sunny. The rocket has launched. 
Jenny is chasing the balls. The man in the balloon is waving. There are four balls in the grass. 
Jenny is chasing the soccer ball. Jenny is playing soccer. Jenny is afraid the ball is getting away. 
Jenny's toys are getting wet. Jenny has to pick up her beach ball  basketball  and soccer ball. It is raining on Jenny's toys. 
Jenny has three balls. Jenny is running towards the tree. Jenny is surprised at something. 
Jenny is running across the grass. The mustard is on the table. The pie is behind Jenny. 
Mike sees three balls. Jenny wants to play basketball. The duck and orange cat talk. 
The duck is on Mike's head. Jenny's wearing a colorful hat. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
A duck is on Mike's head. The baseball mitt is in the grass. Mike is happy  but Jenny is mad. 
The duck is standing on Mike's head. Jenny fell and looks mad. Mike is teasing her. 
The duck is on Mike's head. Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is angry at Mike. 
The duck is on top of Mike's head. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike has a duck on his head. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
The duck is stanking on Mike's head. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. A could is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. The duck is sitting on Mikes head. Jenny is sitting by the tree. 
Mike has a goose on his head. Mike is showing Jenny the goose. Jenny is mad Mike has a goose on his head. 
The duck is sitting on Mike's head. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The helicopter is flying above Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are going down the slide There is rain falling from the cloud Mike and Jenny are happy 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are playing on the slide. It is raining on the slide. 
Mike is wearing a blue cap. Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. Mike and Jenny are going down the slide. 
Jenny is going down the pink slide. Mike is cheering for Jenny. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is on the slide. The duck is under Jenny's slide. Mike is watching Jenny on the slide. 
It is raining. Jenny is going down the slide. A cat and a ball are in the sandbox. 
Jenny slides down the slide. Jenny has a blue hat on. Mike cheers at Jenny. 
While at the park  Mike and Jenny see an owl. While at the park  it starts to rain! There is a slide at the park. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Jenny is holding balloons. Mike wants Jenny to come out of the rain. 
Jenny is on the slide. Mike is happy to be at the park with Jenny. The hot air ballon is flying low today. 
Jenny is wearing a warm hat. Mike is looking at his hand. An owl is near the fire. 
Jenny and Mike are waving to the owl. The owl is on the other side of the fire. There are balloons above the tent. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. The owl is sitting beside the campfire. Jenny is sitting beside the campfire. 
An owl is near the fire. Jenny is quite worried. Mike is quite happy. 
The owl is sitting close to the fire. Jenny is scared the owl will get burned. Mike is sitting in front of the tent. 
Mike is very surprised. Mike is near a table. jenny is near mike. 
An owl is standing beside the campfire. Mike and Jenny are surprised. Jenny is sitting beside the tent. 
Jenny is waiving at Mike. An owl is near the camp fire. Mike's legs are crossed. 
Jenny has a baseball bat. The owl is sitting by the fire. The plane is flying high above. 
Mike is scared of the owl. Jenny waved to the owl. The owl sat next to the fire. 
The bear is chasing Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing a winter cap. The bear is by the trees. 
The bear is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. The bear is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is very upset. Jenny is holding a shovel. 
Mike is standing by Jenny. Jenny is standing by the tree. The bear is standing by the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are running from the bear. Jenny is wearing pink today. The sun is setting behind the tent. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. The bear is near the trees. Jenny tripped over the baseball. 
Mike and Jenny run away from the bear. The bear is angry. The big plane flies high in the sky. 
A bear is in the park! Jenny and Mike are scared. The sky is clear. 
Mike and Jenny run from the bear. The bear wants to play soccer. Mike wants to ride in the helicopter. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. Jenny is angry  and Mike is sad. The bear is growling beside the tree. 
Mike has a pizza. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny has a crown. 
Mike and Jenny are playing dress up. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a princess crown. 
Mike is wearing a crown Jenny is wearing a pirate hat Jenny is standing under the sun 
Mike is wearing his pirate hat. Jenny is wearing her wool cap. Mike throws the crown to Jenny. 
Mike is holding the hat. Jenny is wearing the crown. Jenny is sitting by the hat. 
Jenny is wearing a crown Mike is wearing a pirate hat Jenny sits in front of Mike 
Mike and Jenny are having fun at the park together. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike is holding a pirates hat. 
Mike has a crown. Jenny has a pirate hat. Jenny is holding an owl. 
Mike has a crown on his head. Jenny has a a big smile on her face. There is a blue hat in the grass. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is wearing a warm hat. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny kicks the ball angrily. The dog is watching the ball. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny kicked a soccer ball. Mike and Jenny are angry. 
The owl is in the top of the tree. The dog is under the tree. Jenny is mad because Mike will not play soccer with her. 
Jenny and Mike are mad. Mike is holding his drink. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny are mad. Jenny kicks a soccer ball. Mike drinks a soda pop. 
Mike does not want to play soccer. Jenny is ready to kick the soccer ball. A hot-air balloon is flying overhead. 
Mike is sitting under the sun. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. No one is playing on the swingset. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike has a soda. 
Mike and Jenny do not look happy. Jenny is holding the soccer ball. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Mike slips on the wet ground. Jenny has balloons to share. Mike sees lightening in the sky. 
Jenny has balloons. The sky is starting to rain. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are flying. Mike is scared of the rain. Jenny has balloons. 
Mike and Jenny are jumping. Jenny is holding balloons. The hamburger is on the table. 
Mike is floating away with his balloons. Jenny is not floating fast enough. The pie is on the table. 
Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. Mike is playing wizard. There is a rainstorm. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike and Jenny are jumping for joy. 
Mike is wearing a wizard hat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses and holding balloons. The dog and cat are by the sand box. 
Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. Jenny is wearing a pointy blue hat. Mike is excited. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is giving Jenny balloons. 
Mike and Jenny are jumping. A dog is standing under the pink slide. There is a baseball and glove near the pink slide. 
Mike wears a blue hat. Mike likes to slide. Mike is happy to see the airplane. 
Mike is on the slide. There is a star on Jenny's hat. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. 
An airplane is in the sky. An owl is on the slide. Some mustard is under the slide. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is waving his arms. Mike is standing by the slide. 
Jenny is excited to see a slide. Mike is happy the sun is out. The airplane is flying over Mike. 
Jenny is wearing pick. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is not happy. 
Mike is jumping off of the slide. Jenny is worried that Mike will hurt himself. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is waiving to Mike. The beach ball is by the slide. 
Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is pointing at an airplane. Jenny has been playing in the sandbox. 
Mike is sad because the dog took the food. Jenny is sitting by the table. There is pizza and pie on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny can not get along. Jenny is standing next to the table. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Jenny is upset there is only one hamburger. The hamburger is on the picnic table. 
Jrnny and Mike are upset about the snake. Jenny is standing by the picnic table. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Mike's kite flew away from him Jenny is sad that Mike lost his kite Mike asks Jenny to go and chase it 
Mike and Jenny wonder where their food went. Mike and Jenny made a campfire. The dog might have eaten the food off the table. 
Mike is mad that Jenny only brough mustard to the picnic Jenny points out that Mike brought nothing The sun goes behind a cloud while they argue 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the snake. Mike and Jenny are standing by the table. The snake is slithering away. 
A could is in the sky. Jenny is standing in front of the table. Mike is holding both arms up. 
The mustard bottle is near the soda. Jenny is talking to Mike. Mike is upset. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is running to the swings. The sky is blue. 
Jenny is going to throw the disc to Mike. Mike is waiting for Jenny to throw the disc. Mike is standing in front of the baseball and bat. 
Jenny and Mike are holding hands. There is a rocket in the sky. Jenny and Mike and playing near an apple tree. 
A rocket is flying up into the sky. Mike is on the swings. Jenny is running with balloons. 
Mike wants to ride the toy. Jenny is mad because there is no ball. The big plane and the small rocket fly high. 
Mike wants to play ball with Jenny. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike sees a rocket in the sky. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny is waiting to catch the football. There is an airplane flying in the sky. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. A soccer ball is near mike. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is holding a baseball. The rocket is red and grey. 
Jenny throws the football to Mike. Mike sees a rocket in the sky. Mike and Jenny like to play. 
Jenny  is standing next to the tree. Mike is sitting next to the fire. The hot dog is on the pit. 
As lightening spoils Mike and Jenny's adventure they seek to find fun elsewhere. As the lead chef  Mike is upset over the lightening strike that will postpone this campfire while Jenny is heading for cover. As a powerful lightening looms over them  Mike and Jenny will continue their adventure elsewhere. 
Mike is near a fire. jenny is running away from mike. Mike is wearing a purple hat. 
Mike is sitting next to a fire Mike is sad Jenny is running from the lighting 
Jenny is angrily walking away from Mike. Mike is sitting by the fire. It's about to storm outside. 
Jenny is mad at Mike for not taking cover in a lightening storm. Mike has Autism and doesn't understand why Jenny is mad. Jenny should help Mike understand the dangerous situation and help take cover in the tent. 
Jenny is scared of the storm Mike is running toward the fire. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is standing by the fire. It is raining in the park. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. There is a pizza and a pie on the table. Lightning is striking over the fire. 
Mike made a campfire. Jenny is sad it is raining. Jenny is scared of the lightening. 
Jenny does not like the slide. Mike is wearing a funny hat. Mike does not like to cook. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny is standing on the slide. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike is angry about the owl near the slide. Jenny is getting ready to climb the slide. There are burgers on the grill. 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is cooking hot dogs. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is going down the slide. There is mustard on the table. Mike is making a pie on the grill. 
Mike is cooking a burger. Jenny has a pirate hat on. jenny is very upset. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very happy. hot-dogs are on the grill 
Jenny is mad because the slide is too hot. Mike is mad because he burnt the hamburgers. Their is only one cloud in the sky. 
Mike is wearing round sunglasses. Jenny has on a snow hat. The grill has hotdogs cooking. 
Mike burned the hamburgers. Jenny wants to go home. The slide looked scary at first. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is laughing at the dog. The dog is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike waves hello to Jenny. Mike and his dog came to the park. Jenny and her cat are at the park. 
Mike has a chef hat. Jenny is sitting with a cat. Mike is mad at the dog. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The dog is holding the hat. Jenny is sitting next to the cat. 
Mike talks to the dog. Mike wears a pirate's hat. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike is wearing a Viking helmet. The dog is wearing purple sunglasses. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike has a black hat on. A dog has purple shades on. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. The cat is sitting by the dog. 
Mike is wearing glasses The dog is wearing a helmet The cat is sitting next to Jenny 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a tree. A dog is wearing a hat. 
There is an air balloon in the sky. A cat is sitting next to the dog. A dog is about to eat a pie. 
The dog sees the pie. Mustard is on the picnic table. A cat sits next to the table. 
The dog is on the picnic table! The cat is watching the dog get the pie. Jenny is running away with a bucket. 
Jenny is mad at the dog. The dog is trying to eat the pie. The cat is looking at the dog. 
The cat and the dog are at the park today. There is a pie on the picnic table. The sun is shining brightly in the sky. 
There is a pie on the picnic table. The dog wants to eat the pie. The cat is not afraid of the dog. 
The dog and cat smell pie. The mustard is on the table. The hot air balloon is far away. 
The cat and dog look at each other. There is a pie on the table The sun is shining. 
Jenny slips and falls next to a dog. A cat is riding upon a smiling dog. A kite harmlessly flies above Jenny. 
Jenny does not like the rain. The dog likes to snake. Jenny wants to play tennis. 
Jenny is standing under the rain Jenny is standing next to the tree Jenny is standing next to the dog and snake 
The dog is sniffing the snake. The snake and the dog are being friendly. Jenny is worried the dog will get bit by the snake. 
Jenny is crying. Jenny has a racquet. The snake is looking at the dog. 
It is a rainy day. The snake and the dog are sniffing each other. Jenny is crying as she watches them. 
The snake and the dog are friends. Raindrops are falling above the snake and the dog. Jenny looks scared of the snake. 
The snake and dog are friends. Jenny is afraid of the snake. There is a storm cloud. 
Jenny wants to play tennis. A dog is sniffing a snake. It is starting to rain. 
Jenny is watching the snake and the dog. Jenny looks sad and it is raining. Jenny has a tennis racket. 
The dog and snake are sniffing each other. Jenny is holding a racket and sad. It is raining by the dog and snake. 
Jenny wants to play tennis. Jenny is mad the sun is so hot. Mike pats the cat. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is holding a bat. Jenny is in a sand-box. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are angry. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny doesn't want to play with shovel. The shovel is in the sand. Jenny is next to the slide. 
Jenny is holding the shovel Jenny is standing next to the sand box. Mike is wearing sun glasses. 
jenny is holding a tennis rack. jenny is wearing pink. Jenny has a bat near her. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. The shovel is sitting in the sand box. The bat is by the sand box. 
Jenny is holding the racket. Jenny is standing by the ball. Jenny is standing by the pit. 
Jenny was playing in the sandbox. Jenny lost her sand pail. Jenny wonders where her toys are. 
Mike is in the tree. Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny is holding the red shovel. 
Jenny is wearing a pirates hat. Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny put ketchup on the hamburger. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox Mike is sitting next to the football Jenny offers Mike her hamburger 
The balloon is red and yellow. Jenny is sad. Mike is angry. 
Today is Mike's birthday. Jenny brings him a hamburger. No one wants to play baseball. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny looks angry t Mike. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny offered Mike the hamburger. Mike had on a knit cap. The duck hid behind Jenny. 
Mike wants the hamburger. Jenny is sad to share the hamburger. Mike and Jenny share a tent. 
Mike and Jenny are by a campfire. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny is not happy. 
Mike is sitting on the slide Jenny is holding the burger. Jenny is standing by the fire. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is sitting by the fire. Jenny is holding the burger. 
The cat is looking at Jenny. The duck is near the tree. The sun is shining. 
Jenny is holding both arms up. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. The duck is looking at the cat. 
Jenny is sitting on the grass. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. The duck is beside the cat. 
The duck and the cat both want to slide Jenny tells them they can take turns The cat thinks if he eats the duck he won't take turns 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. The duck and the orange cat are sitting together. The sun is in the sky. 
The cat is sitting beside Jenny. The duck is looking at the cat. The riding toy is beside the slide. 
Jenny is sad to see clouds. The mustard is by the sandbox. Jenny has golden braids. 
Jenny is holding a soda. The duck is looking at the cat. Jenny does not want to spill her soda. 
There are apples on the tree. There is a duck beside Jenny. There is a cat beside the duck. 
The cat has a chef hat. The cat has a bat. Jenny is sad because she wants the bat. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. Jenny and mike are sitting by a fire. Mike is wearing a stocking cap. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike and Jenny are sitting by a campfire. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
Jenny is eating a hotdog. Mike is happy about his hamburger. They eat by the campfire. 
Jenny happily holds a hamburger by the fire. The hotdog is sitting in Mike's right hand. An orange cat sits right next to Mike. 
The hot air balloon is floating above Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting a safe distance from the fire. Mike and Jenny have food to eat. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is holding the hot dog. Mike is holding the burger. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by a fire. Mike and Jenny do not see the snake. Jenny is happy because she has a hamburger. 
Mike eats a hamburger. Jenny eats a hot dog. Mike and Jenny are camping. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Mike and Jenny are camping. Jenny has a hot dog with mustard. 
The fire is glowing red. Mike is having fun camping. Jenny is laughing eating a hot dog. 
Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is sitting on the swing. Mike is standing by the swing. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a whirlygig cap. 
Jenny is sitting in a swing-set. Jenny is very sad. Mike is playing soccer. 
There is one cloud in the sky. Jenny is on the swings. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny is sitting on the swing. There are three balls. The snake is beside the swing set. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. Mike is playing with the soccer ball. The airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny likes the swing. Mikes likes to kick the ball. Mike and Jenny play in the park. 
Jenny is on the swing. Mike is kicking the soccor ball. An airplane is flying. 
The owl and cat are on top of the swings. Jenny is on the swing set. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike is playing with the ball. Jenny is crying on the swing. Mike is trying to cheer Jenny up. 
The dog is looking at the balloon. Mike and Jenny are waiving their arms. Jenny's sunglasses are purple. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike throws the yellow ball. Mike sees a hot air balloon. 
Jenny is waving to the duck The duck is next to the dog Mike is running to the dog 
Mike and Jenny are very excited. The hot air balloon is landing. The dog is watching the children. 
Mike and Jenny wave to the dog. The dog smiles at Mike and Jenny. A hot air balloon is above the tree. 
Mike is near a dog. Jenny is near mike. Mike is very happy. 
A balloon is in the sky. Jenny is very happy. A dog is near the slide. 
The dog is looking at the balloons. Mike is surprised and Jenny is happy. Mike and Jenny are jumping. 
Mike and Jenny wave to the hot air balloon Jenny is wearing sunglasses Mike and Jenny stand under the sun 
Mike and Jenny are playing by the slide. Mike and Jenny have a football. Mike and Jenny are waving to the balloon. 
Jenny has a baseball bat. Mike brought a helicopter to play with. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike dropped the ball. The dog wants to play with Jenny. 
A dog looks at a soccer ball. Jenny jumps in the air. A toy helicopter flies by Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are angry at the helicopter. There is an owl in the tree. Mike and Jenny were playing baseball. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. A helicopter is hovering above Mike and Jenny. Mike is sitting near the apple tree. 
Jenny kicked dirt at mike and he was shocked. Jenny wore sunglasses so she could see the helicopters better. Mike was surprised when Jenny stole his glasses and tried to kick him. 
Mike is very mad. Jenny is holding a tennis rack. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike is wearing goggles. Jenny is kicking the air. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike has a blue baseball hat. Jenny is wearing cool sunglasses. The helicopter has landed in the park. 
jenny is very angry. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a sand-box. 
Mike happily tosses a football towards Jenny. Jenny accidentally lets go of the racket. A blue duck silently walks behind Mike. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is holding the racket. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Mike laughs at Jenny. Jenny has the wrong ball. The football is in the air. 
Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a racket. 
Jenny does not know how to play football. Mike is wearing a winter hat. Mike jumps up in the air. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is near a tree. Jenny is holding a tennis rack. 
Mike is throwing the football. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Jenny is angry. 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Mike is throwing a football. Mike is happy  but Jenny is mad. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is upset that Mike tossed the football her way. Jenny is holding a tennis racket over her head. 
Mike is throwing Jenny the ball. Jenny is going to hit the ball. Jenny is very angry at Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking helmet. There is a thunderstorm. The owl is standing on the grass. 
A cloud blocks part of the sun. Mike has a hat with horns on. An owl is near Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is wearingthe hat. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is holding his arms out. The owl has a yellow beak. Jenny is smilling at the owl. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in front of a slide. Mike is holding an owl. A cloud is raining on Mike. 
Mike and Jenny see an owl in the park. An owl landed between Mike and Jenny. It is starting to rain in the park. 
Mike and Jenny hold hands under the rain Mike and Jenny are excited to see the bear Mike and Jenny sit next to the owl 
The owl hops on the ground. Mike and Jenny are getting wet. Mike is wearing a funny hat. 
An owl is in the tree. Jenny is quite happy. Mike has a hat on. 
Mike had his glove in the park. Jenny had her sand pail in the park. The rain started to fall on the owl. 
Jenny is sad it is raining. Mike plays he is a pirate. Jenny made a pie. 
Mike is angry that Jenny is on the table. Jenny is sad that it is raining. The pie is on the table by Jenny. 
It is starting to rain. Jenny is afraid the pie will get wet. The hot dogs are on the grill. 
It is raining on the pie. There is a soda near the pie. Mike and Jenny are upset. 
Rain is pouring on the cherry pie. Mike is sad that it is raining. Jenny is running toward the picnic table 
Mike and Jenny are out in the rain. Mike and Jenny are upset. Jenny is running by the table. 
A cup is on the table. Jenny is running away with the pie. Mike is sad because it's raining. 
Jenny is mad it is raining. There is a soda on the table. There is a pie on the table. 
Jenny has a soda. The pie is sitting on the picnic table. Jenny and Mike are mad that it is raining. 
Mike wants a piece of pie. Jenny is sad it is raining. Jenny has a drink and pie to share. 
The rain ruins Mike and Jenny's baseball game. The cat hides from the rain under a tree. Time to go home because it is raining. 
Mike and Jenny choose a game to play. It is starting to rain. Mike wants to play pirates. 
It is raining at the park. Jenny is sad  because she wants to play baseball. Mike is a pirate. 
It is raining in the park. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding a bat and tennis ball. 
Jenny is shocked it is raining. Mike is angry because he wants the baseball bat. The tennis ball is on the ground. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. The bat is sitting by Jenny. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is wearing a black hat. Mike is wearing a blue show. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is standing beside a baseball bat. 
It's raining over Mike and Jenny Mike has a pirate hat Jenny has a baseball bat and a tennis ball 
The cloud is raining Jenny is holding a bat Mike is wearing a pirate hat 
Mike doesn't like hamburgers with ketchup. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear is roaring angrily. 
The balloon landed in the distance. Mike is eating a burger. Jenny is behind the tree. 
Mike looks surprised. Mike is holding a hamburger and some ketchup. Mike is beside the tent. 
Mike is having a hamburger for lunch. Mike put ketchup on his hamburger. Mike lost something off of the picnic table. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is holding a hamburger and ketchup. A duck is standing under a tree. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is sitting next to a tent. Mike has a hamburger and ketchup in front of him. 
Mike is holding the burger. Mike is sitting by the table. Jenny is standnig by the table. 
Mike sees a hot air balloon. Mike eats a hamburger with ketchup. Mike thinks the sun is very hot. 
Mike can't find Jenny. Mike has ketchup for his hamburger. Jenny sees red apples on the tree. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is standing by the dog. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny kicks the dog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is yelling at Jenny. 
Jenny kicks the dog. The BBQ grill is by the tree. The dog has a blue collar. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. The ball is under the tree. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the dog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The cloud is covering the sun. 
Jenny is  wearing sun glasses. Mike is standing next to the dog. The dog is standing nex to Jenny. 
Mike is next to a soccer-ball. Jenny is playing with a dog. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny has a soda-can. Jenny is not happy. 
The dog sees the ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny kicks the dog. 
Mike is waving to the bird. Jenny is holding balloons. The sky is cloudy. 
Mike and Jenny wave to the duck. They are near the swing set. The duck is watching them. 
Mike is standing by the swing. Jenny is standing by Mike. The duck is standing by the table. 
Jenny is afraid of the blue duck. Jenny is trying to shoo the duck away. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
The duck is walking to Mike and Jenny. Mike is happy to see the duck. Jenny has pig tails in her hair. 
Mike is very happy. The is a duck near jenny. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny wants to play tennis with Mike. Mike wears a blue hat. Mike and Jenny see a duck. 
Mike and Jenny are waving at the duck. The duck is walking toward Mike and Jenny. The airplane is above Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is waving to the duck. Mike is beside the swing set. 
A cloud is starting to cover the sun. The duck is by Jenny. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Mike is sad because the bear wants the hot dog. Jenny is running from the bear. 
The tent is very small. Mike is holding ketchup. The bear wants Mike's hot dog. 
Mike is trying to feed the bear a hot dog. Jenny is running from the bear. The bear does not want to hot dog. 
The bear is wearing a pirate hat. The sun is behind a cloud. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
The bear wants the hotdog. Jenny runs away from the bear. Mike is sad to lose the hotdog. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is running away from the bear. Mike is offering the bear a hot dog. 
The bear wants Mike's hotdog. Jenny is running away from the bear. The weather looks like it's too warm to be wearing a toboggan. 
Jenny is running from the bear. Mike is mad that the bear is bothering him. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
The bear is wearing a pirate cap. Jenny is running away from the bear. Mike is holding a hot dog out to the bear. 
A bear scares Mike and Jenny. Mike tries to feed the bear a hot dog. Jenny runs while flying a kite. 
Mike is watching the plane fly by. Mike is standing by an owl. The dog is looking at the owl. The plane is in the sky. The dog is in front of Mike. The owl is behind Mike. 
There is an owl in the tree Mike is sad because he lost the ball Mike is wearing sunglasses 
An owl is standing near Mike. Mike is talking to a dog. Nobody is playing on the slide. 
Mike is standing by the dog. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Mike is waving. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The dog is next to the swings. The owl is hiding behind Mike. 
An owl sits in a nearby tree. Mike tries handing the baseball to the dog. The dog smiles at Mike. 
There is an owl in the tree. Mustard is on the ground by Mike. Mike is talking to the dog. 
the owl is the tree mike is looking at the dog the tree is behind the dog 
An owl is sitting in the tree. It is a sunny day. Mike is happy to see the dog. 
An owl is sitting in a tree. Mike is yelling at the dog. The dog is smiling at Mike. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. There is a squirrel hole in the tree. The yellow picnic table has a pie and pizza on it. 
Mike has a pizza. Mike has a pie. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The dog is in between Mike and Jenny. Mike is holding a pizza and a pie. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is surprised. Mike is going to eat a pizza  and a pie. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. There is pizza and pie for lunch. 
Mike has a pizza to share. Jenny is waving hello. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are on a picnic. There is a cherry pie for dessert. Jenny calls Mike to come eat lunch. 
The frisbee is on the grass. Mike is holding up the pie. Jenny is looking at Mike. Mike is near a dog. Jenny is near a bat. Jenny is very surprised. 
A pizza and pie are on the table. Jenny's hand is in the air. Mike is running away. 
Mike was wearing his sunglass. The pizza sat next to the pie on the table. Jenny wanted to eat a piece of pie. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the slide. The pie and ball are on the table. Mike is wearing his pirate hat. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is standing at the top of the slide. Jenny has gone down the slide. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. Mike is at the top of the slide. There is a plane in the sky. 
Mike is standing at the top of the slide. Jenny is sitting in front of the slide. The sky is blue. 
Mike is standing by on the slide. Jenny is sitting on the slide. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is standing at the top of the slide. Jenny went down the slide. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. Mike is at the top of the slide. The kite is flying away. 
The large sun shines brightly above the dog. A blue duck waddles under the slide. Jenny slides down as she laughs widely. 
Mike and jenny are playing on the slide. Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. Mike is at the top of the slide. 
Jenny flies a kite. Mike is a pirate. Mike is sad. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. The dog is looking at the football. The football is under the tree. 
A hot-air balloon flies overhead. Mike and Jenny are sitting down together. There is a pie on the picnic table. 
Mike is sitting next to a dog. Jenny is happy about the pie. Mike wants the pizza. 
Jenny brought her dog to the park. Mike is nervous  he is afraid of the dog. The dog wants to play with the ball. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard hat Mike and Jenny are happy to see the dog Mike is sitting next to tree 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. The dog is looking to the left. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting under the cloud Mike waves to the dog Jenny waves to the dog 
A ball is in the sand box. Mike and Jenny are sitting down. A dog is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. jenny is very happy with mike. A beach-ball is in the grass. 
The rain falls on Mike's hat. Jenny does not see the lightening. Mike wants his frisbee back. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. It is lightening in the sky. 
There are four balls in the grass. Mike is wearing glasses. Jenny is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Jenny likes Mike's sunglasses Mike is running towards Jenny 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is afraid of the green snake. There is a orange cat near Jenny. 
Jenny is throwing a frisbee. Mike is wearing blue shoes. There is yellow picnic table next to Jenny. 
Mike is sitting in a sandbox Jenny is smiling at Mike Mike is wearing a hat 
Mike wears a blue hat. Jenny wants to have a picnic. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. There is a pirate hat in front of Jenny. Jenny is standing by the picnic table crying. 
Mike is standing under a helicopter Mike and Jenny are standing next to the table Jenny is holding a hamburger 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is sitting in the grass. The apple tree is smaller the the other tree. 
Jenny is holding balloons. The plane is flying away. Mike is wearing a cap. 
Jenny is drinking a soda in the park. Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike has come to play with Jenny in the park. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike is wearing a beanie and sunglasses. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny is holding balloons Mike is running from Jenny Mike is wearing a beanie 
Jenny's balloons are pretty. Mike's hat has a propeller. The cat is watching Jenny's balloons. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding A balloons. jenny is near mike. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is standing beside the sandbox. 
Mike is very happy . Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a basket-ball. 
The duck is in the sandbox. The ball is behind the sandbox. The dog is looking at the duck. 
Mike and Jenny are nowhere to be seen The duck is standing next to the bucket The duck is standing in the sandbox 
The duck is in the sandbox. The sun is behind a cloud. The dog is looking at the duck. 
There is a duck in the sand box. There is a dog next to the sand box. There are animals on the playground. 
The duck is in the sandbox. The dog is looking at the duck. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
The duck is in the sandbox. The dog is standing by the tree. The helicopter is flying over the tree. 
The duck is in the sandbox. There is a red bucket in the sandbox. The brown dog is behind the sandbox. 
The duck is sitting in the box. The balloon is flying in the sky. The sand box is by the swing. 
A goose is in the sandbox. The dog is watching the goose play. Jenny left her pail in the park. 
The dog has set a duck trap The duck has fallen for the trap The dog prepares for a duck dinner 
Jenny and Mike are smiling at a bear. The bear is wearing a hat with horns. Mike and Jenny are sitting next to a tree. 
Mike is mad because he wants the shovel. Jenny is sitting on the ground. A bear is in front of the tree. 
Mike is angry because the bear scared Jenny. There is lightening in the distance. There is a hotdog on the grill. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. There is lightening in the sky. A bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. 
A growling bear scared Jenny. Mike is pushing Jenny towards the bear. Mike is not scared of the bear. 
Mike is standing by Jenny. The bear is standing by the tree. Jenny is scared of the lightening. 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is angry at the bear. It is lightning today. 
A bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. Mike and Jenny are sitting under a tree. A cat is sitting with Mike and Jenny. 
The bear almost got hit by lightning. Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. A cat is sitting by Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is eating a hot dog. Mike kicked the beach ball. The bear wants to eat Jenny's hot dog. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike is beside the slide. It is starting to rain. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny is upset because it is rainging. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the rain. Mike kicked the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny is in front of the swing set. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. The soccer ball hit Mike in the face. Mike and Jenny are playing in the rain. 
It is raining on Jenny. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is beside the swing set. 
It is raining above the swing set. A blue duck waddles by the swing set. Mike laughs as he kicks the soccer ball. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is sad that it is raining. Mike is in front of the tree. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. It's raining and lightening. Mike is waiting to kick the soccer ball. 
It is starting to rain. Jenny and Mike are kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
The cat is wearing sunglasses. Jenny has a soccer ball. Mike has a baseball mitt. 
Jenny is trying to kick the ball. Mike is cheering Jenny on. The cat is next to the ball. 
Mike kicks Jenny. Mike wants to play ball with Jenny. Jenny wants to hold the orange cat. 
Mike will play baseball. Jenny will play soccer. Mike and Jenny are happy to see the cat. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny is trying to play ball with the cat. The sun is bright today. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very shock. Jenny is holding a soccer ball. 
Mike dropped the baseball and mitt. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike doesn't like baseball very much. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a cat. 
Mike is holding the ball. The cat is sitting by Mike. Jenny is holding the ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch. The orange cat is watching them play. Jenny has a soccer ball. 
Jenny is digging in the dirt. The cat is sitting in the sand box. Mike and Jenny are sad because the cat wont move. 
The cat is sitting in the sand box. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is calling the cat. 
Jenny begins to cry in the sandbox  again. Mike  Jenny and a cat play in the sandbox. The cat scratched Jenny. 
Jenny is mad becaues the soccer ball is on the other side of the park. Jenny and Mike are sitting by the slide. The cat is playing in the sand box. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. The cat is sitting in the sand box. Jenny is standing by the sand box. 
It is a sunny day. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. The cat sits between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. A cat is looking at Jenny. Mike is sitting near the sand box. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. The cat is sitting in the sand box. 
The cat is in the sandbox. Jenny looks quite sad. An airplane is flying. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. The cat is sitting between Mike and Jenny. It is raining on the riding toy. 
A green snake is in the grass. a owl is near a snake. There's a apple tree behind a snake. 
There is a brown owl in the tree. The snake is green. A lot of apples are in the tree. 
The snake approaches the owl. The owl is scared of the snake. The sun begins to go behind the cloud in the sky. 
A snake is near a owl. A owl is standing on a bee toy. A green snake is on the grass. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. The snake is by the tree. The rain cloud is in the sky. 
The owl is standing by the snake. The fire is by the tree. The baloon is in the air. 
An owl is on the picnic table. A green snake is looking at the owl. The owl is safe from the snake. 
The owl is under a tree. The tent is near the apple tree. The sun is shining. 
The snake does not eat apples. The owl does not eat apples. The tree keeps its apples. 
There is no one in the park but the animals. A green snake slithers across the grass. A hungry owl watches the snake. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. The cat is sitting by the tree. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike has on black sunglasses. Jenny has on a silly hat. Mike and Jenny are happy playing ball together. 
Jenny is running with the football. The dog is next to the slide. A hot dog is on top of the slide. 
Jenny is running toward Mike. Mike is trying to catch the football. The helicopter is flying away. 
Jenny is running to take the football to Mike. Mike wants to play ball with Jenny. Jenny is in front of the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. There is a helicopter in the sky. Jenny is trying to catch the football. 
The football is on the ground. Mike threw a Frisbee to Jenny. There is a plane in the sky. 
The helicopter is flying towards the storm cloud. Mike and Jenny are playing with a basketball. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
The helicopter is going to land. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is running with the football. 
A helicopter flies by. Mike throws Jenny the football. Jenny is ready to catch the football. 
The owl is sitting on the tent. The dog is holding the frisbee. The dog is standing by the tree. 
The owl is watching Mike and Jenny in the tent. The dog is wondering what Mike and Jenny are doing. The helicopter is trying to look inside the tent. 
It is raining and lightning. The dog and owl sit near the tent. The owl and dog watch the fire. 
The owl rested on top of the tent. Mike thinks the owl might fall off the tent. Jenny let the dog come next to the tent. 
The owl is wearing sunglasses. The dog is by the tent. There is a ball by the tree. 
An owl is resting on the barbecue. A dog walks near the tent. The tent is orange. 
The dog is standing at the tent entrance. A hot-air balloon is over the slide. The owl is on top of the tent. 
An owl sits next to the orange tent. The grill stands in front of the tree. A grey cloud floats above the tent. 
The owl is sitting on the dog. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting next to the tent. 
Jenny is behind the tent The dog is beside the bat There's a viking helmet beside Mike 
Jenny and Mike are surprised by the rain. There is an owl on top of the swing set. Jenny and Mike are about to get wet from the rain. 
Nobody is on the swing set. It's starting to rain behind Jenny and Mike. The snake is under the tree. 
It is raining over Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground with pie. A pail of sand is to the side of Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. Jenny is next to a bucket. It is raining over the swings. 
There is rain in the sky. Mike is sitting beside a swing set. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. A pie is on the table. Jenny sees the pie. 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Jenny is happy to see her shovel. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting. 
Jenny and Mike are holding hands. the cat is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Mike is wearing black shades. jenny is on a slide. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. Mike is worried Jenny will fall. Mike is worried it is getting cloudy outside. 
There is a plane flying in the sky. The owl is watching Mike play in the yard. Jenny is having fun sliding with her balloons. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is sliding down the slide. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. The sog is playing on the slide. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is about to go down the slide. Mike sits by the tree. The sun is bright and hot. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Mike is mad because he wants to slide. A cat is sitting between Mike and the slide. 
The plane is flying over Mike. Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. A plane is flying in the sky. The cat is next to the slide. 
Mike is angry because he wants the slide. Jenny happily prepares to slide down. A small green snake slithers by the slide. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. A pizza is sitting on the picnic table. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike brought a Frisbee to the park. Jenny wants to play Frisbee. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. Jenny is standing under the apple tree. The sun is hiding behind the tree. 
Mike happily catches the orange frisbee. A small dog stands behind Jenny smiling. An airplane flies above Mike. 
Mike is throwing a Frisbee. Jenny is waving at Mike. It is a cloudy day. 
Mike is holding a frisbee. Jenny is wearing a red and gray hat. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. A pizza is on the picnic table. A cup is on the picnic table. 
Jenny throws the orange frisbee to Mike. Mike catches the orange frisbee. Jenny is also drinking a soda. 
It is a sunny day. Mike has the Frisbee. Mike is standing by the apple tree. 
Jenny is flying the kite. Mike is wearing the hat. The pie is on the table. 
Mike is wearing a red and gray hat. Jenny likes to fly kites. There is a pie on the picnic table. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is excited about the pie. The pizza is next to the pie. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike sees the pie on the table. Mike and Jenny are getting hungry. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is going to have pizza and pie. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a pie. A pizza is on the table. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is looking at the food. The food in on the table. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny's kite is very colorful. Mike has food for Jenny. 
Jenny is happy flying the kite. Mike is sitting by the apple tree. They have pizza and pie at the park today. 
Jenny is having fun flying the kite. Mike is looking at the food. Jenny's kite has a long red tail. 
Mike is scared ofthe bear. Jenny is scared of the bear. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
A bird is wearing the hat with horns. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a pie. 
Mike is next to jenny. Mike is surprised at jenny. Jenny is wearing purple shades. 
Mike is not happy. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is near a sand-box. 
Mike is very shocked. Jenny is near mike. A dog is near mike and jenny. 
A duck wears sunglasses. Mike wants his balloons back. The dog watches the duck. 
Mike and Jenny see apples. Mike and Jenny jump the air. Mike and Jenny follow the dog. 
Mike is flying a kite. There is lightening in the sky. Mike is happy  and Jenny is surprised. 
The dog is standing by the swing set. Mike and Jenny are calling to the dog. A plane flies overhead. 
Jenny is holding up her arms. Mike is waving at Jenny. The dog is happy to see Jenny. 
Mike is standing by the tent. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. Mike and Jenny are beside the fire. Four balloons are in the sky. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is near a fire. A bear is near mike. 
The bear is scary. Mike and Jenny have built a fire. Jenny has a baseball bat. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting near the fire. The bear is under the apple tree. Jenny is scared of the bear. 
Balloons are floating in the sky. The bear is holding up its front paws. Mike is sitting near the fire. 
Jenny is very mad. Mike is very sad. Mike is near a fire. 
The balloons are in the sky. The bear is in front of the tree. Mike and Jenny are near the fire. 
a bear scares Jenny and Mike Mike and Jenny are holding hands Baloons are between Jenny and Mike 
The bear is hiding behind the tree. Mike and Jenny are sad they lost the balloons. Mike is near the campfire. 
Jenny is wearing a colorful cap. Mike and Jenny are holding a pizza. The snake is slithering towards Mike and Jenny. 
Jenn has a pie. The snake is going into the tent. Mike is running away. 
Mike and Jenny built a camp. Mike and Jenny built a fire. A snake is coming toward Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a snake. Jenny is near a tent. 
Jenny and Mike are waving at the snake. The sun is hiding behind the tree. Mike and Jenny are sitting next to the tent. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is setting on the ground. Mike is next to the fire. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. A green snake is near jenny. Jenny is very upset. 
Mike is stitting by Jenny. Jenny is sitting by the tent. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a red and grey snow hat. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. Jenny and Mike are happy they see a snake. 
Mike and Jenny love camping. A snake wants to see the tent. It is going to rain today. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is playing with the football. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mike is flying his kite. The orange cat sits under the apple tree. 
Mike has a soda. Mike has a kite. Jenny is kicking the football. 
Mike is flying a kite Jenny kicks the soccer ball to Mike There's lightning between Jenny and Mike 
Jenny is kicking a football. Mike is holding his drink. A kite is flying in the sky. 
Mike is drinking some pop. Mike is flying a kite. Jenny kicked a football. 
Mike has a soda. Jenny kicked the football to Mike. The cat is near Mike. 
Mike is holding the water. Mike is flying the kite. Jenny is kicking the ball. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny kicked the football. The sun is shining. 
mike is holding a kite. Jenny is very mad. Jenny is kicking a baseball. 
Mike was upset it started to rain. Jenny did not want the rain to get her crown wet. Mike was rain falling on Jenny's crown. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. The dog is under the tree. Mike is sitting in the rain. 
Jenny is wearing a gold crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny will pet the cat. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground crying. Jenny is wearing a crown. It is raining over Jenny and Mike. 
The cat is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny has on a crown. Mike has a pirate hat on. 
Jenny is sad that she hurt her foot. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny doesn't like her princess crown. 
Mike and Jenny are playing dress up. Mike is a pirate from Ten-Buc-To! Jenny is a princess from the far away land of Jelly Bean! 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Jenny is holding a hot dog. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny has a pretty crown. Mike has a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are sad that it is raining. 
Mike wears a hat. Miss Cat likes Jenny. Jenny wants to play with the cat. 
Jenny and Mike see a cat in the park. Jenny and Mike are camping in the park. It is getting cloudy in the park. 
The sun is in the sky. The cat is standing between Mike and Jenny. There is a football by the picnic table. 
Jenny talks to the cat. The cat wears sunglasses. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Mike is jumping for joy. The cat is looking at Mike. Jenny is looking at the tent. 
Jenny kicked the ball to the cat. Mike is jumping of the ground. The cat is near the slide. 
Mike and Jenny are waving at the cat. The cat is standing by the tree. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny is kicking the cat away. Mike is holding balloons. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Mike and jenny are sitting. Jenny is happy. The cat is next to the grill. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike runs to meet the cat. A hot air balloon floats in the sky. 
The dog took the balloons. Mike runs after the dog. Jenny calls to the dog. 
Mike is falling from the swing. Mike is concerned he will be hurt. The balloons are orange  pink  yellow and blue. 
Mike is in front of the swings. Jenny is holding some balloons. The dog is looking at the balloons. 
Mike is having a conversation with the playground. The yellow guy on the spring looks happy. The sandbox is having none of it. 
Mike is standing next to the swings Mike waves goodbye to the balloons Mike is excited to see the sun 
Jenny has balloons to share. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Mike stands next to the swings. 
Mike is wearing blue shorts Mike is in front of the swing set Mike is chasing the baloons 
A pizza is on the picnic table. The sun is shining brightly. Mike is happy to have some pizza. 
Mike is floating with the balloons Mike is next to the tree Mike is flying 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Jenny is running with pizza. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny has an owl on her arm. Jenny is standing next to a tent. Mike is sitting next to a tree. 
Jenny is holding an owl. An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are smiling. 
Jenny holds an owl. Mike has happy to see Jenny. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny has an owl sitting on her arm. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Jenny is standing in front of a tent. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny has an owl. Mike wants to see Jenny's owl. Jenny wore her crown today. 
The owl landed on Jenny's arm. Mike had on a baseball hat with a star on it. Jenny cooked hotdogs on the grill. 
Jenny has an owl on her arm. Mike is wearing a hot dog. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Jenny holds an oil. Mike has a football and baseball glove. Mike has a star on his hat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is holding a owl. 
Jenny is holding balloons. The dog is watching Jenny run. Jenny is running towards the trees. 
Jenny has four ballons. Jenny is happy to be at the park. The hot air ballon is flying high. 
Jenny has an orange balloon. Jenny watched the hot air balloon take off. The grill has hotdogs cooking on it. 
Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. Jenny is waving towards the dog. The dog doesn't see Jenny. 
Jenny has four balloons. The hot air balloon has landed. Jenny is happy to see the dog. 
Jenny is happy because she has balloons. Jenny is waving to the hot air balloon. Jenny is not playing in the sandbox. 
Jenny has a soda. The pretty ballons are floating in the sky. The hot air ballon is red and yellow. Jenny is holding the balloon. Jenny is holding the water. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is playing on the riding toy. Mike is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a soda-can. Jenny is near a yellow table. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Jenny is holding her drink. Jenny wants to hold the cat. 
Mike was happy when it started to rain. Mike sat crossed legged in the sand. Jenny offered to help Mike get up. 
Mike is laying in the sandbox. Jenny jumped up because it started to rain. Mike made a sand hill with the pink shovel. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sand box. Mike and Jenny look unhappy. A storm is starting. 
Mike is digging in the sandbox. Jenny is sitting beside Mike. There is lightening in the sky. 
Mike is digging in the sandbox. The baseball is beside the sandbox. Jenny is worried about the rain. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. Mike is holding a shovel. 
The owl is in the apple tree. Jenny is crying in the sandbox. It is raining over the picnic table. 
Jenny is sad it is raining. Mike is happy to play with Jenny. Lightening is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting in the sand box. Jenny is sitting the sand box. 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is upset because it's raining. Mike was grilling hot dogs. 
Jenny looks mad at Mike. There is a airplane behind the tree. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. 
Mike threw sand at Jenny. Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike sees the rocketship in the sky. 
Jenny is very angry. mike is very happy. Mike is sitting in a sand-box. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting about the sandbox. Jenny threw sand at Mike. Mike is yelling at Jenny. 
Jenny is angry at Make. Mike kicked the sand onto Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is holding a pizza. Jenny does not want to eat pizza with Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are playing in the sandbox. Mike told Jenny a funny joke. Jenny is mad at Mike for teasing her. 
A cat is sitting on the swing. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
A rocket ship is flying in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. 
Mike is in a sand-box. Mike is very surprised. jenny s standing in a sand-box. 
There is a campfire outside the tent A helicopter is flying through the sky Lightning struck behind the tent 
Mike and Jenny hide from a helicopter. Mike and Jenny pitched a tent. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
There is a fire on outside the tent There is a ball outside the test There is a glove a baseball outside the test 
Mike is sitting next to Jenny. Jenny is waiting at the helicopter. The tent is next to the tree. 
A helicopter is in the sky. A tent is behind a table. A fire is beside the table. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting next to the camp fire. Mike and Jenny are sitting outside the tent. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Jenny is scared and crying. Mike is wearing a crown. A helicopter is landing near Mike and Jenny. 
The hotdog is next to the hamburger. The fire is lit. The tent door is open. 
Mike & Jenny went for a helicopter ride. Jenny left the cat to watch the fire. The rain might put the fire out. 
Mike and Jenny put up the tent. The campfire is burning. A helicopter flies over. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is playing on the slide. The football is beside Jenny. 
Mike fell off of the slide. Jenny is laughing at Mike. Mike is upset that Jenny is laughing at him. 
Jenny is going to kick the football. Jenny is having fun playing football. Mike went down the slide. 
Mike is sitting by the slide. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny is standing beside the football. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike has fallen off the slide. Jenny is reaching for the football. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Mike dropped his glasses. Jenny is laughing at Mike. Mike is next to the slide. 
Mike fell off the slide. Jenny is laughing at Mike. The helicopter is flying by. 
Jenny is waving at the plane. Mike fell off the bottom of the slide. Jenny was just playing football. 
There is a dog in the sandbox Mike is wearing a hat There is an airplane in the sky 
Mike sits in a sandbox There's a dog in front of Mike Mike is wearing a witch's hat 
Mike is near a snake. Mike is in a sand-box. Mike is wearing a purple hat. 
The dog got into the sandbox to play. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The airplane flew towards the helicopter. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The dog is facing Mike. The helicopter is above Mike. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting in the sand box. The dog is sitting in the sand box. 
A rocket and a plane are in the sky. Mike is wearing a pointy blue hat. The dog is brown. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Mike's dog jumped in the sandbox. An airplane and helicopter are in the sky. 
There is a helicopter and an airplane in the sky. Mike has a witch hat on. Mike is playing in the sandbox with the dog. 
Mike is playing in the sand box with a dog. Mike has a funny hat on. The helicopter is behind the airplane. 
The bear is coming towards Mike. Mike doesn't notice the bear. Jenny is trying to get Mike's attention. 
Jenny doesn't want to share her soccer ball. Mike wants to play with Jenny's ball. The bear is wearing a pirate's hat. 
The owl is in the tree watching Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting around talking. The bear is wearing sunglasses because the sun is bright. 
A bear is behind the tree. A table is beside the tree. Jenny is scared because she sees the bear. 
The bear is near the slide. Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer with a beach ball. A bear tries to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny want the bear to play soccer with them. 
Mike is sitting near the sand box. The ketchup is on the table. The bear is standing by the tree. 
A soda is on the table. A bear is near the tree. The sky is clear. 
The little ball is in the pail. The big ball is on the grass. Mike is holding his arms out. 
Jenny is sad that Mike took her shovel. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The bear is doing the Chicken Dance. 
Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is catching the football. The baseball is on the grass. 
Mike is kicking the football. The owl is watching Mike. The owl is on the swing set. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Mike is kicking the football. Mike is holding a soda. 
Mike is mad and kicked the football. Mike is carrying a soda. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is very shock. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike kicks a football. Mike has an angry face. The dog is watching Mike. 
Mike kickes the football. The balloon is near the ground. Mike has a blue cap. 
Mike is holding the water. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Mike is angry at the football. The dog is watching the snake. The airplane flies out of the cloud. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Mike is holding the water. Mike is wearing the hat. 
The duck has decided to kill Mike Mike is running away Jenny tries to calm down the duck 
Mike and Jenny are running. The duck is standing behind jenny. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Mike wants the football. Jenny runs to Mike. The duck follows Jenny. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is standing by the duck. Mike is happy  but Jenny is crying. 
The apple tree is behind Mike and Jenny. Jenny is angry because she wants the ball. The duck is facing Jenny. 
Mike is wearing the shades. Jenny is standing by the duck. Mike is sittingon the grass. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Mike is playing on the slide. There are two balls on the ground. 
The ball is sitting at Mike's feet. Jenny is calling out to her friend the duck. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is playing in the sand box. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny has a hot dog. 
Mike is kicking the ball away from Jenny. Jenny wants to play with the ball too and is sad. The duck is walking in the grass. 
The owl sits in the apple tree. The cat is watching the owl. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are laughing at a joke. Jenny is sitting by the beachball. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
A bear is standing next to Jenny and Mike. It is raining on the bear. Jenny is scared of the bear. 
Mike is under the apple tree. Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is talking to Jenny. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Mike was playing soccer. Mike is telling Jenny a joke. 
Mike is holding the ketchup. Jenny is sitting beside the basketball. The football is beside Mike. 
There is a soccer ball in front of Mike. There is a beach ball by Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting by a tree. 
Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny has the ketchup. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. 
Jenny and Mike are cooking hot dogs. Mike is sitting by the tree. Jenny is sitting by the cat. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. A tree is behind Mike. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Mike is playing by the tree. Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny has a hamburger. 
Jenny is eating a burger Mike wants her to throw the burger into his mitt Jenny continues to eat 
Jenny is about to eat a burger. Mike looks sadly at the baseball. There is an air balloon flying in the sky 
Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is sitting under the tree. Jenny is holding the hamburger. 
Mike kicked the hamburger. Mike ran toward the baseball and dropped the hamburger. Mike dropped the hamburger and the baseball. 
Jenny enjoys her hamburger for lunch. Mike will go put his bat and ball away. Mike is going to get his lunch  too. 
Jenny has a hamburger. Mike wants the hamburger. The ball is by Mike. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny is eating a hamburger. 
Jenny has a burger. Mike is next to the bat. Mike is really hungry. 
Mike is playing with a baseball bat. Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a basketball. Jenny is holding a hotdog with mustard. 
Jenny is crying on the ground. Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike has the baseball and the catcher's mitt. 
Jenny is happy for a hotdog. Mike places with the baseball. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike is playing with the football. Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike is playing by the sand box. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike is running to Jenny. Mike will catch the ball. 
Jenny is holding a hotdog. Mike is playing baseball. A bottom of ketchup is on the grass. 
Mike is holding a ball. Jenny is holding a hot dog. Jenny is sitting on the ground beside Mike. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is holding a hotdog. Mike is playing tennis. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is holding a hot-dog. A dog is near mike. 
Jenny is eating a hotdog. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is playing ball. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
The cat wanted Jenny to pet her. Jenny was flying her kite as high as the tree. The owl watched the kite fly near the tent. 
Jenny is having fun today. The cat is watching the kite fly in the sky. There are hotdogs on the grill. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The kitten likes watching the string on the kite. There is a fire by the tent. 
Jenny is playing on the swingset. Jenny is flying a kite. The cat is sitting next to Jenny on the swings. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The cat is watching Jenny. There is a campfire by the tent. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The grill is sitting beside the tent. A cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
The orange cat flies a kite. Jenny wears a red and gray hat. Red apples grow on the tree. 
Jenny likes to fly kites. The cat is watching Jenny. There is a warm fire by the tent. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The cat is sitting in the sandbox. A hot air balloon is flying in the sky. 
The bear likes mustard on his hotdog. Jenny is wearing a baseball mitt. Mike's baseball got all wet. 
Mike is holding a glove Jenny catches the baseball from Mike There's a bear behind Jenny and Mike 
Jenny is sitting next to the bear. The bear is holding a hot dog. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
The bear is standing by the grill. Jenny is ready to catch the baseball. Mike is holding the baseball. 
The bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is holding the glove. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. The bear is holding the mustard. The bear is beside the grill. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. A bear is standing behind the grill. Jenny is wearing a red and grey cap. 
There is a bear eating a hotdog. Jenny is playing baseball with Mike. Mike is throwing a baseball. 
The bear took the mustard. Mike is mad at the bear. Jenny is holding a baseball. 
The bear is cooking hot dogs. Jenny is throwing a ball at Mike. Mike is catching the ball. 
Jenny has four balloons in her hand. Mike fell off the swingset. The slide is pink. 
Mike fell off of the swing. Jenny tries to help Mike up. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Mike is on the ground under the swingset. Jenny is sad because Mike fell off the swing. There is an orange frisbee in the air. 
It is raining on Jenny. Jenny is sad. Mike fell off of the swing. 
Mike is sitting by the swing. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike fell off the swing. Jenny dropped the football. A helicopter flies over the park. 
Mike fell off the swing. Jenny is worried Mike got hurt falling off the swing. The goose wants to make friends with the cat. 
Mike fell of the swing. Jenny is sad that Mike hurt himself. The owl watches Mike and Jenny cry. 
Jenny is offering balloons to Mike. Mike is sitting sadly on the ground. Mike is wearing a winter cap. 
Mike fell off of the swing. Jenny is worried about Mike. The plane is flying at the helicopter. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is going to catch the ball. The dog is standing under the tree. 
Jenny angrily prepares to throw the baseball. A soccer ball rests by the tree. A grey cloud hangs above Jenny. 
Mike is holding a foot-ball. Mike is near jenny. Jenny is very angry. 
Jenny is angry that the dog won't play with her. Jenny has on a very silly hat. Jenny is holding the baseball sitting in the park. 
The airplane is in the sky. Jenny is angry at Mr. Dog. Mr. Dog is happy to see Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is very angry. Jenny is holding a ball. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very angry. Jenny is holding a base-ball. 
Jenny is sitting next to the slide. Jenny is holding a baseball. A dog is standing next to Jenny. 
Jenny is mad at the dog. Jenny has a glove and ball. Apples grow on the tree. 
Jenny is holding a baseball. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is sitting beside two trees. 
Mike is playing with the snake A duck is standing under the rain Mike is afraid of the snake 
Lightning strikes near the picnic table. Mike is holding the green snake. A tennis ball is by the picnic table. 
Mike is sitting under the apple tree. Mike sees a snake go by. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike runs around a tree. The green snake wears a cap. Rain is falling from the sky. 
The rain is falling on Mike's head. The balloons are floating away. The green snake is watching Mike. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is playing with the snake. There are red apples on the tree. 
Mike was happy to play with the green snake. The red apples grew on the apple tree. It rained on Mike and the snake in the park. 
There is a snake by Mike. Mike is playing frisbee with the dog. It is raining today. 
A snake is on top of the ball. Mike is wearing a hat. A raincloud is in front of the sun. 
Mike likes to chase snakes. Rain is coming from the cloud. The snake is afraid of Mike. 
Mike and Jenny play frisbee A duck sits on the cat Jenny is happy to throw the frisbee 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee A duck is sitting on the cat next to Mike Jenny is standing under the sun 
A small duck stays on the cat's head. Jenny happily tosses a frisbee at Mike. Mike is happily running towards Jenny. 
A duck is sitting on the cat. Jenny and Mike are playing with a frisbee. Mike is wearing blue. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with a Frisbee. The duck and the cat are standing together. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny is playing with mike. Mike is very happy. A duck is standing on a cats head. 
The duck is on the cat's head. Jenny and Mike are playing together. The disk is in the air. 
A duck is standing on the cat's head. Jenny throws the Frisbee to Mike. Jenny is standing next to a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the frisbee. The duck is sitting on the cat. Mike is standing near the cat. 
Mike is throwing the frisbee. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. The cat is sitting by the duck. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is sitting by the fire. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the fire. Jenny is wearing a pink short set. Jenny and Mike are shocked it has started to rain. 
Jenny sits on the ground It's raining on Jenny and Mike There's a fire between Jenny and Mike 
There is an owl on the tent. It is raining outside. Mike and Jenny are by a campfire. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Mike is sitting next to the fire Jenny is sitting next to the tree 
Jenny is sitting next to the tent. Mike is standing next to the fire It is raining in the background 
Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. Mike thinks Jenny is spooky. The rain may put out the fire. 
It is raining on the campfire. Mike dropped his ball and glove. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is angry at the raining cloud. Jenny sits in front of the orange tent. A large tree stands behind the orange tent. 
Mike jups in the air. An owl sits in the tree. Jenny points to the falling rain. 
Jenny tired to keep the pizza away from Mike. Mike wanted to get a piece of the pizza. The helicopter flew by the owl. 
Jenny is near a apple tree. There is a owl sitting in a tree. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is catching the pizza. 
Mike is happy and dancing under the tree. Jenny is cheering on Mike's dance. Jenny is trying to catch the pizza. 
The pizza is in the sky. Mike is in the tent. The helicopter is above the pizza. 
Jenny tossed the pizza in the air. Mike is running to the toys. A helicopter is dropping off pizza at the park. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny looks excited. There is a helicopter above Jenny. 
Jenny threw the pizza up in the air. Mike is sitting on the ground. The helicopter is flying by. 
A helicopter and hot-air balloon are in the sky. Jenny is throwing a pizza. There is a rain cloud behind the tree. 
Jenny is near a basketball. jenny is near a swing-set. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike waved to the duck. Mike wanted to kick the beach ball. The swing set was next to the sandbox. 
Mike is waving to a duck. The duck has yellow feet. Mike has blue shoes. 
Mike's skin is dark because of the sun. Mike is happy to see the duck. The duck is between Mike and the sandbox. 
Mike is waving to the duck. Mike sees a hot air balloon. The swing set is next to the tree. 
Mike says hello to the goose. An airplane is flying in the sky. A goose walks up to Mike. 
Mike sees a duck Mike is wearing a hat There is a sandbox next to Mike 
Mike is wearing Sunglasses Mike is looking at the duck. The sun is out. 
A rocket ship is plying in the sky. Mike waves to the duck. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike is near the playground. There is a duck under the tree. A beach ball is on the grass. 
A smiling Mike waves to the blue duck. A hot air balloon floats by the tree. A grey cloud floats above Mike. 
Jenny is ready to eat the hotdogs. Mike wants to eat pie first. Jenny thinks the snake and duck want to eat their pie. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is holding a pie. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Jenny is sitting next to the pie. The bear sees Jenny. Mike sees the bear. 
Mike and Jenny share a pie. Mike sits under the apple tree. Red apples grow on the tree. 
Jenny has a pie. There is a beach ball beside Jenny. Mike is beside the riding toy. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is holding the shovel. Mike is wearing a winter cap. 
Mike and Jenny sit under an apple tree. Jenny is eating a pie. The cat sits on top of the slide. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting. Jenny and Mike have a pie. The baseball glove is lying in the grass. 
Mike is happy that he's eating with Jenny. Jenny is happy that she's with her friend. Mike and Jenny are about to eat a pie. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. There is a pie on the ground. Mike looks does not look happy. 
Mike is sitting under the tree. Jenny is sitting under the tree. The dog is standing next to the duck. 
Jenny is sitting under the tree. Mike is wearing the hat. The dog is standing by the pail. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting under a tree. The duck is by their pail of sand. The dog is not paying attention to Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny see a blue duck! Mike and Jenny sit under a tree. A dog and duck are friends. 
The blue duck waddles towards the pink bucket. A startled Jenny slides past the tree. The brown dog smiles at the pink bucket. 
Jenny is angry because the duck is going to knock over her pail of sand. Mike is surprised to see his dog at the park. Mike and Jenny are sitting cross legged in the grass while the dog and duck play. 
The duck and dog are looking in the pail. Mike and Jenny are resting against the tree. The baseball is laying out in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are surprised. Jenny let go of the kite. The duck is looking at the bucket. 
Mike is happy to see the dog and duck. Jenny is surprised to see the dog and duck. The dog is standing next to a pail. 
The dog has a bucket. Mike and Jenny are under the tree. The duck is next to the dog. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike is playing soccer. Jenny is wearing a wizard's hat. 
Mike and Jenny wave to the helicopter. There is a football on the picnic table. The helicopter lands on the grass. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is wearing pink. cat is sitting in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike and Jenny are waving. The helicopter is flying toward Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are waving to the helicopter Mike and Jenny are standing with a cat Mike and Jenny are next to a tree 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny and Mike are waving to a snake. 
Mike and Jenny wave to the helicopter Jenny is standing next to the hotdog Mike and Jenny are excited to eat 
Mike and Jenny are waving to the cat. A helicopter flies overhead. Jenny  Mike  and the cat are by a sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are waving at a helicopter. Mike is standing in front of a swing set. A cat is sitting in front of Jenny. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike and Jenny are waiving. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny looks sad while she is playing with Mike. Mike is kicking the soccer ball as hard as he can. The apple tree will soon have big apples on it. 
Jenny is crying at Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is playing with the soccer ball. 
Mike is wearing a hat with horns. Jenny is sad. Mike is kicking a soccer ball 
Jenny hurt her toe kicking the tree. Mike is mad at Jenny. The blue duck is running away. 
Jenny fell down on the ground. An owl is watching from the tree. Mike is playing soccer. 
Mike kicks the ball at Jenny Jenny runs away to safety Jenny has on Mike's sunglasses 
Mike is kicking the ball at Jenny. Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike looks mad at Jenny. 
Mikeis kicking the ball. Jenny is jumping in the air. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny wants to play soccer. Mike doesn't want to play soccer with Jenny. It is getting cloudy in the park. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a soccer ball. Mike and Jenny are unhappy. 
Mike is upset it is raining. Mike has catsup on the picnic table. Mike sees lightning and clouds. 
Mike is worried that the rain will mess up his picnic. Jenny is scared that the rain is going to ruin her pie. Mike is trying to move the pie away from the rain. 
Mike was mad the storm ruined their picnic. Jenny and Mike brought pizza for their picnic. Jenny was sad that the pizza got all soggy from the rain. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is raising her arms. There is a burger on the table. 
Jenny is surprised by the lightning strike. Mike is angry that the rain is ruining the picnic. A thunderstorm has ruined an otherwise beautiful day for Mike and Jenny. 
It is raining outside. Ketchup and mustard are on the table. Mike seems to be happy. 
Mike looks mad at Jenny. The ball is under the table. Mike is next to the grill. 
It is raining on the picnic table. Jenny is holding a frisbee. The cup is on the picnic table. 
Jenny is annoyed at the raining cloud. Mike angrily runs toward the lightning bolt. An airplane flies behind the rain cloud. 
Mike is mad at the rain. Jenny has a pie to share. Lightening is in the sky. 
Mike tosses a football in the air. A soccer ball sits by a tennis ball. A rocket ship flies above the orange tent. 
Mike throws the football. Mike wears a blue hat with a star. Mike sees a rocket in the sky. 
Mike is near a dog. A dog is near a beach-ball. A grill is near a table. 
Mike is wearing a blue baseball hat. The football is in the air. The rocket is soaring in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is throwing a football. A rocket is flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is throwing the ball. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is riding a toy. Mike is throwing a football. The rocket ship is in the sky. 
Mike is near slide. Mike is wearing a hot. mike is playing foot-ball. 
Mike trows the football. Mike is near the tree. Mike is watching the rocket. 
Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is throwing  the ball. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny has a colorful hat on. Mike has on shades. Mike has blue shoes on. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. A duck is near Mike. Jenny has a hat with horns on it. 
Jenny is very angry. Mike fell down on the ground. There is one baseball bat near Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the bumblebee. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is sitting by the sandbox. Jenny is wearing a Viking helmet. There is a drink on the ground. 
Mike is very angry. mike has a star hat on. Jenny is very upset. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. The cat sits on the toy. 
Jenny is kicking the bumblebee. The helicopter is landing. Mike is sitting under the tree. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny kicks the toy. Hot dogs are on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny look angry at each other. Mike is holding a baseball mitt. Jenny is near the pink shovel. 
Jenny is very sad. Jenny is wearing shades. Mike is near a tree. 
Jenny took the toys from Mike. Mike has his hands in the air. The cat is watching Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is sad because he doesn't have a soda. The sun is hiding behind the clouds. 
Jenny is laughing at Mike. Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is wearing her favorite sunglasses. 
Mike has a baseball and bat. Jenny is wearing her baseball mitt. Jenny is sitting in the shade. 
Jenny is resting on the grass. Mike has many toys. The sun is behind the cloud. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny likes to play baseball. Mike is afraid to hit the baseball. 
Mike talks to Jenny. Jenny wears sunglasses. Jenny wants Mike's beach ball. 
Jenny waved at the airplane as it flew by. Mike wanted to play with Jenny's beach ball. Jenny tossed Mike the beach ball. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike and Jenny are playing catch There is a hot air balloon in the air There are hotdogs on the grill 
Mike is playing with the ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The helicopter is in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is trying to catch the football. The dog is standing next to the bucket. 
Mike has on a silly hat. Jenny is waving to Mike. The football is stuck in the tree. 
Jenny sees a hot air balloon in the sky. The dog is chasing the tennis ball. Mike is running to catch the football. 
Jenny is waving to mike Mike doesn't see Jenny Mike is wearing a pirate hat 
Mike is running fast. Jenny wears a red and gray cap. Jenny waves goodbye to Mike. 
Mike is wearing blue shoes. Jenny is standing in the grass. Jenny has on yellow shades. 
Jenny throws the football to Mike Mike is running away with soda The snake is in between Mike and Jenny 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat Mike is wearing a propeller hat Jenny threw the football to Mike 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing funny purple glasses. 
Mike is holding a soda. jenny is very mad. jenny is kicking a soccer-ball. 
The hot air ballon is flying away. Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny and Mike are playing ball with the dog. 
Mike is jumping off the ground. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. The dog is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is wearing the crown and holding the ball. The dog is floating away on a balloon. Mike hopes that Jenny and the dog are having fun. 
The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. A hot-air balloon flies overhead. 
Mike is near a dog. Jenny is kicking a soccer-ball. Mike is near a tree. 
mike is very happy with Jenny. mike is playing soccer. mike has on the color blue. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Jenny is playing soccer with the dog. Mike is running very fast. 
Jenny is playing with a ball. Mike is playing with Jenny. The dog is next to Mike. 
Jenny found the ketchup. Mike is playing with the kite. Jenny wore her sunglasses today. 
Jenny is cooking on the grill. Mike is flying a kite. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is beside the grill. Mike is surprised  and Jenny is happy. 
The sun is in the sky. There are three burgers on the grill. Mike is flying a kite. 
Jenny is grilling in the park. Mike is running with the kite. It is a sunny day at the park. 
Mike is flying a kite Jenny is beside a grill Mike is wearing blie shoes 
Jenny has some ketchup. Mike has a kite. Some food is on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee. The dog watches Mike and Jenny play. Mike threw the Frisbee too far. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. The kite is flying in the air. The dog is watching the hot dogs cook on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny love to grill out. Mike is flying a kite with his dog. Jenny is cooking hotdogs. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is near a fire. 
Mike likes warm campfires. Jenny is running toward Mike. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is standing close to the fire. Jenny is sitting next to the tent. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is proud of her fire. Mike is happy Jenny made a fire. Mike wore his pirate hat to the park today. 
Jenny had on her viking helmet. Mike was wearing his black pirate hat. The fire kept Mike and Jenny warm. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Mike and Jenny are kicking at the fire. 
Mike and Jenny made a camp fire. Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike wants to kick the fire Jenny warns him he will be sorry Mike says pirates are never sorry 
Mike has on a viking hat. Jenny has on a pirate hat. Mike and Jenny are playing by a fire. 
Jenny has a new hat. Mike is wearing a pirates hat. Jenny is next to the fire. 
The bear is holdng the burger. The sun glasses are on the table. The bear is standing next to the table. 
Mike looks startled by the bear. The bear is holding a hamburger. A basketball is at Mike's feet. 
A bear has a burger. A beach ball is near the table. The sun is out. 
Jenny is running away from the bear! The bear has a hamburger. The airplane is flying high in the sky. 
A bear is eating the hamburger. Mike is surprised to see the bear. Mike is standing beside the picnic table. 
The bear raised his paws into the air. Jenny tried to scare the bear away from the fire. Jenny was on one side of the fire the bear on the other. 
The bear sees the pizza. The bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. The bear has the hamburger. 
The bear is holding the burger. The pizza is on the table. The bear is standing by the table. 
The bear sees the burger. The balloon is behind the big tree. The sun is shining in the sky. 
The bear is looking at food on the table. The apple tree is behind the bear. The table is yellow. 
Mike and Jenny see a balloon. Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny are happy to see the big balloon. Mike sees the small man in the basket. Jenny is wearing black glasses. 
The man in the hot air ballon is waving. The helicopter is flying high above. Mike and Jenny are excited to see the hot air ballon. 
Mike sees a hot air balloon. Jenny sits on the ground next to Mike. Mike wears a red and gray cap. 
Jenny is wearing a hat with a star. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The balloon is red and yellow. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. The balloon has landed. Mike has the Frisbee. 
Mr. Dog wants to play frisbee. Mike and Jenny are happy to see the hot air balloon. Jenny was playing ball. 
The balloon is in the ground. Jenny and Mike are excited about the balloon. Mike has a hotdog. 
Jenny is riding on a playground toy. Mike is wearing a hat with a star on it. There is an air balloon on the ground. 
Mike has a baseball cap. A balloon landed in the park. Jenny is very excited. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. The mustard is on the table. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny is kicking a beach ball. There is a picnic table near the tree. Mike is sitting  eating a hamburger. 
Mike has prepared a nice lunch. Jenny is kicking the beach ball. The hot air balloon floats in the sky. 
Jenny is playing with a beach ball Mike is holding a hamburger There is a duck next to the beach ball 
Mike is eating a hotdog Jenny is kicking a ball to a bear Jenny is scared 
Jenny has kicked the football and is worried it will hit the dog. Mike is grilling hamburgers. A man in a hot air balloon is waving at Mike and Jenny but they do not notice him. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny kicks a beach ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is eating a hamburger. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike has a hamburger. There is a balloon in the sky. 
Mike is making burgers. Jenny wants a burger. Jenny has a baseball. 
There is a soccer ball in  the sandbox. It should not be there. Jenny has a bunch of balloons to play with. A dog has come up to Jenny at the park. She is excited to pet him. 
Jenny is holding some balloons. Jenny is sitting by the swing set. The dog is watching Jenny. 
Jenny is holding the baloons There's a dog beside jenny is holding the baloons There's a dog beside Jenny Jenny sits beside a sandbox 
Jenny is holding balloons. The dog wants the base ball. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Jenny has colorful balloons. The dog sees the grill. The swing set is blue and red. 
Jenny is holding balloons. Jenny is sitting near a slide. Jenny is smiling at a dog. 
Jenny is holding balloons. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting beside a dog. 
Jenny is holding balloons and wearing sunglasses. The dog is playing with Jenny. An airplane is flying through the background. 
There is a hot air balloon up there. Jenny is running with balloons. The brown dog is wearing a blue collar. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding some balloons. Jenny is running towards the dog. 
Jenny and Mike are excited to see the rocket in the sky. The kite is flying high. The sun is bright and warm. 
There is a rocket in the sky. The cat is by the table. There is a bottle of mustard on the table. 
The rocket is soaring in the sky. There is a soccer ball at the park. Jenny and Mike are happy today. 
The kite is hooked to the picnic table. Jenny is waving at the rocketship. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny waves hello to Mike. A rocket is flying over the park. 
Mike kicked Jenny's kite into the air Jenny is trying to catch her kite the dog has no idea what is going on. 
Jenny is flying a kite. A rocket takes off in the distance. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny and Mike are having fun today. The kite is flying high in the air. The rocket is sailing thru the skies. 
Jenny is wearing a spinny hat Jenny is wearing black shoes Mike is in front of Jenny 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. A rocket is flying in the sky. The kite got left on the other side of the park. 
Jenny is jumping with a drink. Mike wants the drink. Mike is wearing a whirly hat. 
Mike has a soda. Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike and Jenny are sharing a soda. 
Mike shares a cup of soda with Jenny. A grey cloud hides behind the giant tree. Jenny sits in front of the big tree. 
Jenny is jumping. Mike is drinking soda. There is a hot air balloon going by. 
Mike is giving a soda to Jenny. It is a cloudy day. A hot-air balloon flies overhead. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny hands Mike the drink. Jenny and Mike are at the Park 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is drinking a soda. A dog is standing next to Mike. 
Mike happily offers his cup to Jenny. Jenny jumps in the air with joy. The large sun shines brightly above Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. There is a yellow picnic table. Mike is giving his drink to Jenny. 
Mike has a drink for Jenny. Jenny is happy to see Mike. A kite flies itself. 
Mike is sitting under the apple tree Jenny is trying to hit the plane with a ball Dog wishes someone would play frisbee with him 
Jenny is angry because the plane is flying over. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Mike is playing frisbee with the dog. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. The dog is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is playing with a dog. Jenny is holding a base-ball. The dog has a freeze-be. 
Jenny is standing beside the tree. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny and the dog are playing frisbee. 
A plane flies overhead. Jenny is angrily holding a baseball. A Frisbee is near the dog. 
A plane is in the sky. Jenny is holding a baseball. The sandbox is big and empty. 
Jenny is very surprised. Mike us very happy. Jenny is near a dog. 
A dog is holding a frisbee. A baseball is on the ground. Jenny is mad at the dog. 
Jenny is going to play fetch with the dog. The dog is returning the frisbee to Jenny. A plane flies overhead. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the grass. Jenny wore her viking hat today. Jenny and Mike are worried. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. 
Jenny looks scared to go down the slide. There is a spring rider next to the slide. Mike is standing near the sandbox. 
Jenny is scared of planes. Mike missed the plane. Jenny and Mike quickly run back home. 
Jenny looks scared on the slid down. Mike wonders did she get hurt. Mike is asking are you ok? 
Mike is holding a hotdog. Mike and Jenny are about to get rained on. Mike is sitting next to a dog. 
Mike and Jenny are talking in the park. There is no one on the slides today. The beachball has six colors. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is near mike. There is a beach ball on the grass. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Jenny is kicking the ball. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny sits in front of Mike Mike stands in front of the apple tree There's a baloon behind Jenny 
Jenny has a vikings hat on. Mike has a colorful hat on. A bear is near jenny. 
A bear comes up and tries to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny get angry with the bear. Jenny is wearing her viking hat. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the ball. The bear is scaring  Jenny. 
The bear is roaring at Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny look angry at the bear. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
The bear is standing up. Jenny and Mike are mad at the bear. The bear is roaring. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear is scaring jenny. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny is standing by Jenny. Mike is wearing the hat. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Mike is standing by the fire. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike and the bear are surprised. 
Jenny and Mike are mad at the bear. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is holding a shovel. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is holding a hot dog. Jenny is sitting next to the fire. 
Mike has a cherry pie. Mike brought Jenny a bunch of balloons. Jenny enjoys her hotdog by the campfire. 
Mike just bought some balloons and a pie. Jenny has a hotdog to eat. The family cat is with them today. 
Mike has balloons to share. Mike and Jenny eat together. Jenny made a campfire. 
Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is holding a hotdog sandwich. Jenny and Mike are staying around the fire. 
Mike is holding the balloons Jenny is holding the balloons. Mike is holding the pie. 
Mike is holding the balloons. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is holding the hot dog. 
Mike won the game by raising the pie. The balloons will carry Mike away. Jenny likes to eat a lot of hotdogs. 
Jenny is warming up near the fire. Jenny is eating a hot dog. Mike is carrying a pie. 
Mike will eat a pie. Jenny will eat a hot dog. Mike has three big balloons. 
Mike is near a fire. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is very sad. 
Jenny and Mike are near a fire. The tree has fruit on it. Lightning is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are upset about the lightning. Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are sitting near the campfire. 
Lightning is striking from a cloud. Mike is angrily flying a kite. There is a camp fire by the tent. 
Mike is sitting next to a campfire. It is raining in the background. Mike and Jenny are camping. 
Mike and Jenny are angry about the weather. Jenny is sitting near a tree. Mike and Jenny are near a campfire. 
Mike is mad it is getting stormy. Jenny enjoys the camp fire. Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. 
Jenny is next to the campfire. Mike is angry at Jenny. There is a thunderstorm. 
Mike is mad because he doesn't have a soda pop. Jenny is sitting happily by the fire. The tent is behind Jenny. 
Lightning is striking near the snake. Mike looks angry at the snake and the bear. Mike and Jenny are sitting at a campfire. 
The bear is holding a hamburger. Mike is holding mustard. Jenny is waiving to the bear. 
Mike and Jenny are playing catch. A bear is by Jenny. Jenny is by a fire. 
Mike is flying the kite. Jenny is standing by Mike. The bear is wearing the hat. 
Jenny sneaks up on the bear. The bear wants the hamburger Mike kicks the table. 
The bear is roaring at Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny don't notice the bear. Mike and Jenny are playing with a football. 
A bear is holding a hamburger. Mike is excited. A football is in the air. 
Mike is happily holding the football. Jenny is standing next to the apple tree. The shouting bear is holding a hamburger. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is holding a burger. 
Jenny gave the bear a hamburger. The bear is wearing a chef hat. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is waving to the bear. The bear has a yummy hamburger. 
Jenny is running toward the ball. Mike is standing by the sandbox. Mike sees the ball in the sandbox. 
Mike is sad in the sandbox. Apples grow on the tree. Jenny has the soccer ball. 
Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a stocking hat. 
Mike is sad that it is raining. Jenny is happy to see Mike. A bucket is beside the sandbox. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The red pail is by the sandbox. Jenny is holding both her arms up. 
Jenny is not happy Mike is very upset. Jenny is standing near a sand-box. 
Jenny wants to go play. Mike is in the sandbox. Mike is next to a ball. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is mad at Mike. A tree is behind Jenny. 
Mike is sitting in a sandbox Jenny is wearing a crown Mike is sitting under lightning 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Jenny is standing next to the sandbox. 
Mike is chasing Jenny. The fire is bigger than the tent. There is a soccer ball on the ground. 
Jenny kicked the ball in the fire. Mike's hat has horns on it. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball. Jenny is sad to play alone. Jenny set up a tent. 
jenny is not happy. Mike is very angry. Mike is wearing blue. 
Jenny is near the slide. Mike is near a fire. A helicopter is in the sky. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very mad at jenny. A ball is in a fire.. 
It is a cloudy day. The soccer ball is going into the fire. Mike looks angry and Jenny is crying. 
The fire is in front of the tent. Jenny hurt her foot kicking the ball. Mike is angry because Jenny did not throw the ball. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is very sad. A soccer ball is in the fire. 
The soccer ball is going towards the fire. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is sad because she lost the ball. 
There is a plane behind the cloud. Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Mike is behind the dog. 
Jenny is wearing a pink jumper. Mike is near a dog. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny has her arms in the air. The dog is in front of Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is petting the dog in the yard. Jenny is wearing a hat. The dog is feeling good from all the petting. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and mike are playing with a dog. 
Mike plays policeman. Jenny likes her dog. Mike says no dogs in the Park. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. The dog is between Jenny and Mike. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is excited the dog came to park. Jenny is worried the dog wants her ball. Mike sits by the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are very excited. The dog is watching them jump. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Mike and Jenny like the brown dog. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is wearing a golden crown. 
Mike is wearing purple glasses. Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is wearing a catcher's mitt. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Jenny is wearing the baseball mitt. Mike is using the baseball bat. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the bat. Mike is holding the glove. 
Mike has a baseball glove. Jenny is jumping in he air. There is a slide behind mike. 
Mike is looking angrily at Jenny. Jenny is wearing a baseball mitt. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Mike is giving Jenny the baseball glove. Jenny is holding the bat. The picnic table is near the tree. 
Jenny is going to play baseball. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny's shoes are black. 
Mike is holding the glove. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is holding the bat. 
The dog watches Mike and Jenny play ball. Mike is happy that he hit the ball. Jenny is ready to catch the ball. 
Jenny is very happy. There is a beach-ball in the grass. Mike has a base-ball bat. 
The snake is in the tree. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. 
There is a snake in the tree. The cat is watching the snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. The snake made Mike jump. The cat is sitting in the tree. 
The snake is in the tree. The football is under the tree. Mike and Jenny are running to get the football. 
There is a snake in the tree. The cat is at the bottom of the tree. Jenny and Make look sad. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing a silly hat. The snake is in the tree. 
The snake is in the tree. The cat is sitting under the tree. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing blue. Jenny is wearing pink. A cat and snake is in a tree. 
The cat is under the tree. The snake is under the tree. Mike is sad and Jenny is mad. 
A snake is in the tree. The cat is in front of the tree. Mike and Jenny are sad because of the snake. 
Jenny has a pink bucket full of sand. The brown dog sees a bear. The football is on the ground. 
Jenny is afraid of the bear. There are purple sunglasses on the table. There is a campfire by the picnic table. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. The bear is trying to scare the kids. Mike and Jenny don't know what to do. 
Jenny is camping. The bear has come to go camping. Jenny is happy to see the bear. 
Jenny and Mike are having a BBQ at the park. A large bear has come to the BBQ. Jenny is trying to kick the bear. 
Jenny is kicking a big bear. Mike is scared. Mike is sitting next to a fire. 
Jenny is holding the bucket. The dog is next to Jenny. Jenny is in front of the tree. 
A bear scares Mike and Jenny. Mike has a soda. The dog looks away from the bear. 
Jenny looks angrily at the bear. Jenny is holding a shovel and a racket. Jenny and the bear stand by a campfire. 
The bear was afraid the tent was on fire. Jenny told the bear to leave. The dog wanted to go in the tent. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground crying. The colorful cap is next to Jenny. Mike is flying the kite from the ground. 
A bolt of lightning is striking. Mike is flying a kite. The cat is under the tree. 
Mike is flying a kite Jenny is wearing a blue hat Jenny is beside Mike 
Lightening is striking. Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is surprised by a duck. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is standing beside Mike. There is lightening and rain in the sky. 
jenny is very shocked. Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a kite. 
Mike and Jenny are flying a kite. A cloud with lightning is in the sky. Mike and Jenny are in front of a swing set. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is scared that the lightning will hit the kite. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Jenny is warning Mike. Mike is flying his kite. There is a thunderstorm. 
Mike is flying a kite. There is a thunderstorm. The picnic table is by the tree. 
The bear is wearing a silly hat and roaring. Mike and Jenny are unhappy to see the bear. Jenny is wearing a white chef's hat. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. The bear is in front of the tree. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are sad. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding a shovel. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is running from the bear. Mike is standing near the fire. 
Lightning is about to hit the bear! Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. The bear is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny fell down in the grass. Mike is worried that Jenny is hurt. Jenny is holding a ball. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. The bear is growling at Mike and Jenny. Jenny is surprised  but Mike is sad. 
The bear snuck up on Jenny and Mike. Jenny wants to keep her hotdog. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. The bear scared Jenny. Mike is jumping in the air. 
Mike is in front of the tent. The bear is scaring Jenny. The tent is beside the tree. 
Jenny is sitting by the swingset. The cat is sitting behind Jenny. The airplane is flying behind the apple tree. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. The dog is walking to Jenny. Jenny is wearing glasses. 
Jenny is surprised by the rain. Jenny has a witch hat. The owl is beside the duck. 
Jenny jumped off the swingset Jenny has a baseball and a smile There are two trees in the background 
The baseball bat is in the grass. Jenny is sitting beside the swing set. There are two swings on the swing set. 
Jenny just finished a slide. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Jenny is happy. 
Jenny was swinging on the swings. Jenny is resting in the grass. A goose is walking through the park. A hot air balloon is in the sky. A cloud is in the sky. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny wore sunglasses even though it was a cloudy day. The duck and jenny waited for Mike under the apple tree. Jenny sat on the ground looking at the clouds. 
Jenny is eating a hamburger There is a duck next to the swing set There is a plan flying over Jenny 
Jenny is sitting beside the swing set. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The swing set is beside the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing blue. Jenny is holding a hot-dog. A grill has three hot-dogs on it. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is holding a hotdog. The sun is over the apple tree. 
Jenny is holding a hotdog. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The beach ball is sitting beside Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike want to share Jenny's hot dog. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is happy to be eating a hot dog at the park. Mike has arrived at the park to play pirates with Jenny. Mike and Jenny have met in the park for a pirate picnic. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Jenny saves her hotdog from the snake. Jenny is having a hotdog and soda for lunch. Mike is excited to see a snake in the park. 
Mike has a pirate's hat. Jenny has a hot dog. The ball is next to Mike. 
Jenny is eating a hot dog. Mike is wearing a pirates hat. The table is painted yellow. 
Jenny and Mike see the campfire. Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is holding the kite. Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is stting next to Mike. 
Jenny is flying the kite. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Jenny is at the park. Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny does not want to swing. 
Jenny flies a kite in the wind. The orange cat watches Jenny. Jenny wears a blue hat with a star. 
Jenny laughs as she flies the colorful kite. A brown dog stands by the yellow table. The sun is shining brightly above Jenny. 
Jenny is flying a kite on a sunny day. Jenny has found a beach ball at the park. It is a very sunny day. A perfect day for Jenny to go to the park. 
Jenny is flying a kite. A tent is set up for camping. The sun is shining behind the tree. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. The sun is above the tree. 
Jenny is flying a kite. A duck is in the grass. The sun is shining. 
Jenny is flying a kite. There are clouds in the sky. Mike is happy. 
A brown dog is standing behind Mike. Jenny is angry. Jenny and Mike are throwing a ball. 
A beach ball is in the air. Jenny is mad because she wants the beach ball. A dog is standing in front of Mike. 
Jenny threw the ball at Mike's head. The dog is wearing a hat and sunglasses. Mike fell to the ground. 
Jenny threw the ball. Mike is waving to the dog. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Jenny is angry with the beach ball. The dog is standing next to Mike. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is standing by the table. 
Jenny is mad because she wanted the ball. Mike is throwing a beach ball. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny is throwing a beach ball. Mike is sitting on the grass. A dog is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny just kicked the beach ball. The dog is going to catch the ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is holding a tennis ball. Jenny wants Mike to play with the beach ball. The dog is going to catch the tennis ball. 
Mike is standing next to the sandbox Jenny waves at Mike Jenny is standing next to the swings 
It is raining on Jenny Mike is frightened by lightning Dog is standing next to Mike 
Jenny is queen of the swings. Mike is holding a drink. Mike wants to play on the swings. 
Jenny waved at Mike and the dog. Jenny stood by the swing set. Mike and his dog wanted to swing. 
Jenny is near a swing-set. There is a dog near Jenny. Mike is extremely happy. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses because it is sunny. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The dog is looking at Mike. 
Jenny is waving to Mike Mike is jogging in the park. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are scared the bear is coming. Jenny was playing on the swings. Mike wore a witch hat today. 
Mike is running to the sandbox Jenny is waving at Mike Jenny and Mike are at the park 
There is an airplane in the sky. Jenny is next to the swing set. There is a dog next to Mike. 
The duck is on the slide. The dog is looking at the duck. The airplane is flying. 
A dog is a apple tree. A duck is on slide. A dog is wearing a blue collar. 
Dafty Duck is sliding down the slide. The dog wants to slide. The tree has red apples. 
The duck is at the top of the slide. The dog is at the bottom of the slide. Mike forgot his baseball Mitt. 
A dog is near a slid. A duck is on a slide. A dog is wearing a hat. 
The blue duck loves the slide. The dog is watching the duck. The sun is behind the clouds. 
A duck is on the slide. The slide is beside the sandbox. A dog is standing beside the apple tree. 
The duck is sitting on the slide. The dog is standing by the tree. The rain cloud is in the sky. 
The duck is playing on the slide. The dog watches the duck. The apple tree stands in the field. 
A large cloud hides behind the large tree. A blue duck stands on the pink slide. The sun is shining above the brown dog. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park on a sunny day. Mike pushed the ball to Jenny. Mike and Jenny happy to play this game. 
The sun is partly behind a cloud. Jenny and Mike are sitting down to play. Mike has a beach ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. Mike is wearing a crown. The airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny has on purple sunglasses. The airplane is flying past the sun. 
mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny has a purple hat on. jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. The dog is standing beside Jenny. 
The plane is flying low. Mike likes hamburgers with ketchup. Jenny is laughing at Mike's joke. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are rolling the beach ball. The sun is shining. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball A plane flies over Mike and Jenny Mike and Jenny sit next to the table 
An airplane is in the sky. Jenny and Mike are playing with a ball. The sun is shining. 
Mike is kicking a football. Jenny has glasses on. A cat is near Jenny. 
The rocket ship and hot air balloon flew in the sky. Mike kicked the ball at the duck. Jenny was mad at Mike for trying to hit the duck. 
Mike is kicking the ball angrily. Jenny is trying to catch the ball. An airplane flies overhead. 
The cat is sitting by the burger. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is kicking a football. Mike is wearing a hat with a star on it. 
Mike is kicking the football to Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue cap. Jenny stands by the tree. 
Jenny is mad at Mike and threw him his ball. Mike is going to catch the football. The helicopter flew behind the cloud. 
Mike Kicked the football. Jenny is afraid of the ball. There are apples in the tree. 
Mike is kicking a ball. Jenny is angry because Mike is not playing nicely. An owl watches from a tree. 
Mike is looking angrily at Jenny. Jenny is playing with a football. Jenny and Mike are playing by a tree. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. Mike is wearing a viking hat. A soccer ball is beside Mike. 
Mike is throwing the baseball to Jenny. The beach ball is colorful. There is lightening in the sky. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. There is thunder and lighting in the sky. Jenny is getting wet from the rain. 
Mike and Jenny are camping outside. Mike is afraid of the storm. Jenny is holding a hot dog. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball. Jenny is sitting near a tree. Jenny and Mike are surprised by the lightning. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Lightening is coming out of the sky. Mike is scared to see the lightening. 
The cloud is raining on Jenny. Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is holding a drink. 
Mike and Jenny look started at the slide's bottom. Lightning is striking overhead. No one is on playing on the equipment. 
There's a duck near a fire. Jenny has a pie in her hand. Mike is kicking a foot-ball. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a vikings hat. Jenny is very surprised. 
A small rocket is between Mike and Jenny. Jenny is next to a red and white cup. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is under the tree. Jenny is holding the rocket. Jenny is standing by the slide. 
A rocket ship is flying in the sky. The duck is looking at the pie. Mike is holding a baseball bat. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near mike. 
Mike is very upset. jenny is very happy. jenny is near a rocket. 
Jenny is holding the rocket. Mike wants to play with the rocket. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny is happy to see Mike. A rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny shot the rocket at Mike. Mike is mad that he did not get to shoot the rocket. Mike is in front of the tent. 
Jenny is afraid of the rocketship. Mike is mad at Jenny. Mike is kicking the beachball. 
Mike wants to play with the rocket Jenny had the rocket first The cat knows he will have the rocket in time 
Mike is sitting next to the owl Jenny is waving to the owl Jenny is sitting next to the appletree 
A hot-air balloon flies overhead. An owl and cat are watching Jenny and Mike. Jenny and Mike are waving at each other. 
Mike is near jenny. Mike is near owl. A owl is near a tree. 
Mike is happily sitting cross-legged. Jenny is happily holding Mike's left hand. An owl perches in the large apple tree. 
The owl is standing by Jenny. Mike is sitting by the bear. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
The owl is high in the tree. The football is far away from Jenny. Jenny has on sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting. The owl is standing on the swing. The basketball is behind Mike. 
The owl sits on top of the tree. The owl sips a drink. Jenny wants to dig a hole. 
Mike is very happy. mike is near a tree. Jenny i wearing shades. 
Jenny is holding a cup. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are sitting beside the tree. 
Mike is trying to take the shovel from Jenny Mike is standing under the cloud Jenny is standing next to the dog 
Jenny is upset that the sandbox is gone. Mike is upset that the sandbox is gone. Mike gives Jenny the shovel. 
Jenny is holding the pail. Mike is holding the shovel. Jenny is sad because she wants the shove. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is holding a pink pale Jenny is wearing a wtch's hat 
The helicopter is flying above. Mike has a pink shovel. Jenny is holding the sand bucket. 
Mike took Jenny's shovel. Jenny wants her shovel back. The cat is sitting next to the tree. 
Mike has a shovel. Jenny has a pail. The cat is closer to Mike. 
Mike has a pink shovel. Jenny has a pink sand-bucket. Jenny is looking very mean. 
Mike and Jenny are angry with each other. Jenny is holding a pail. Mike is holding a shovel. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny wants her shovel back. Mike is giving Jenny her shovel. 
The mustard is near the grill. Jenny is holding up the cat. Mike wants to eat hamburgers. 
The owl is watching the grill. A rocket and helicopter are in the sky. Jenny is smiling too. 
A rocket is flying overhead. Jenny is going towards the pie on the table. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Mike cooked hot dogs for lunch. Jenny brought a cherry pie for dessert. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is near a grill. 
A pie is on the table. Mike and Jenny grill hotdogs. Mike jumps for joy. 
The owl is in the tree. The pie is on the table. The balloon has yellow and red stripes. 
Mike is standing next to the table. The pie is on the table. The plane is flying in the sky. 
The pie is on the grill. It is starting to rain. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. 
Mike is standing by the pit. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the pit. 
The football is in the sand box. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is jumping with joy. 
The orange cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. A small helicopter flies above Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting next to the sandbox Jenny is holding a hotdog there is a football in the sandbox 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is holding the burger. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Jenny looks angrily at Mike. Jenny is holding up a hotdog. Mike is sitting down by a tree. 
A football is in the air. A burger is near Jenny. Nobody is on the slide. 
Mike kicked the football. Jenny is holding a hot dog and hamburger. The airplane is flying high. 
A bear is growling at Mike. Jenny holding a hotdog. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Jenny fell down in the sandbox. Mike found his football in the sandbox. Jenny got sand on her hamburger. 
Jenny is holding a hotdog and hamburger. The football is in the sandbox. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike happily sits down with his red cup. A large brown dog smiles at Mike. An owl sits in a tree watching Mike. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. An owl is in the tree. A dog is under the tree. 
Mike is waving to a dog. Mike is wearing a blue shirt Mike is smiling. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. An owl is sitting in the apple tree. Mike is sitting beside the picnic table. 
Mike is waving to the dog. The owl is sitting in the tree. The grill is beside the picnic table. 
A hot air balloon is flying over the park. An owl is watching Mike from a tree. The dog is standing under the tree. 
Mike is wearing a grey and red snow hat. Mike is sitting near the picnic table. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike happily sits cross-legged on the grass. A small owl perches in the apple tree. A smiling brown dog stands near the tree. 
The owl is in the pine tree. The dog is watching Mike. Mike is eating a hotdog. 
The owl is in the tree. A dog is standing under the tree. Mike is wearing a crown hat. 
The sun is behind a cloud. A hot air balloon is in the sky. The dog is standing beside Jenny. 
The dog is standing next to Jenny. A hot air balloon is in the sky. Jenny is surprised. 
Mike is wearing blue. Jenny is wearing pink. A dog is near mike. 
A hot-air balloon flies through the air. Jenny is petting her dog in the park. Jenny is waving to a man in a hot-air balloon. 
The hot air balloon is above the swings. The dog is near Jenny. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Jenny's hat has a star on it. The tennis ball is in the grass. 
The tree is small. There is a hot air balloon in the sky. Jenny has her arms in the air. 
Jenny is waving at the hot air balloon. Jenny is playing with her dog. It is a cloudy day. 
There is a cloud in the sky. Jenny is calling for Mike. The dog is next to Jenny. 
There are two trees. The sun is behind the cloud. The dog is standing beside Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a hat with horns. A bear is standing next to the tree. 
Mike is throwing the frisbee. Jenny is waving at Mike. The yellow ball is rolling away. 
Mike just threw the frisbee. Jenny is worried she won't catch the frisbee. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. 
Mike threw the frisbee to Jenny. Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is waving at Jenny. Jenny threw the Frisbee to Mike. 
mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike has a soda pop. Jenny is waving hello to Mike. Mike has a baseball hat with a star on it. 
Jenny is throwing the Frisbee to Mike. The sun is above Mike. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee Mike has on purple sunglasses Jenny is waiting for his throw 
Jenny is running away from Mike. The cat is sitting next to Mike. Jenny is drinking some soda. 
Mike and Jenny are having a cook out. Jenny is having a soft drink. Mike has a silly hat on his head. 
Jenny is holding her drink. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is happy  but Jenny is sad. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike has a hat on. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny and Mike are playing with a baseball. 
Jenny has a soda pop. Mike is wearing a silly hat. The sun is hiding behind the tree. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. The whirlygig cap is Mike's favorite. Mike has his hand in his back pocket. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is holding the soda. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike is laughing at Jenny. Mike is wearing whirlygig cap. 
Mike has had enough with Jenny. Jenny is shocked that Mike is so mad. Jenny is holding a soda while she swings. 
Jenny is sitting in a swing. Mike is very upset. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Jenny is sitting on the swing. MIke is jumping up and down. Jenny is holding a cup of lemonade. 
Jenny is riding the swings. Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is sitting on a swing. Jenny is holding a drink. Mike is standing beside the swing set. 
Mike is mad with jenny. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is swinging in the sweing-set. 
The basketball is in front of Mike. Jenny has a soda. Jenny has a tennis racket. 
Mike is scaring Jenny. Jenny is swinging. Jenny is drinking a soda. 
Jenny is drinking a soda while swinging. Mike is upset that Jenny isn't sharing. Mike & Jenny are not having a good time at the park. 
Jenny swings on the swing set. Jenny has a soda in her hand. Mike wants Jenny to come down from the swing. 
Mike is standing under rain Jenny is sitting in the sandbox Jenny has a shovel in her hand 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox. Mike is upset it is raining. Mike has a star on his baseball cap. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is making a hill wirh the sand. It is starting to rain. 
It has begun to rain. Jenny is waving to Mike. Jenny is in the sandbox. 
Jenny has a shovel. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. 
Jenny is in the sand-box. Mike is very surprised. A owl is standing on the sand-box. 
Jenny is not happy with jenny. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is sitting in a sand-box. 
Jenny wants to play in the rain. Mike does not want to get wet. Jenny is really happy. 
Mike is mad about the rain. It is raining on the swing. Jenny is calling Mike to the sandbox. 
Jenny has a shovel. Mike is mad he is in the rain. There is a bee ridding toy. 
Mike is holding a basketball. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is holding a basketball. Mike is very sad. Mike is near a green snake. 
It is getting stormy in the park. Mike wonders where Jenny is. Mike brought his basketball to play with. 
Lightning is striking from the clouds. Mike has a basketball in his lap. Mike is wearing a gray and red hat. 
There's lightning above Jenny Mike sits with a basketball Jenny holds a hot dog 
Mike is sad that a storm is nearby. Mike is sitting next to a tree. A basketball is on the ground in front of mike. 
Lightning is striking from a cloud. An airplane flies towards the lightning. Mike is sitting by a tent. 
The ball is sitting on Mike. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting next to the table. 
Mike is wearing a hat. The baseball is in Mike's lap. Mike is watching the snake. 
Mike is sad that there is no one at the park to play with. Mike is wearing a blue baseball hat with a white star. There is pizza sitting on the picnic table. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The grill is between Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
There is a hot dog on the grill. There are three burgers on the grill. Mike is beside the grill. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. There are three hot dogs on the grill. The airplane is flying low in the sky. 
Jenny is warming her hands by the fire. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. The mustard bottle is by the fire. 
Jenny is running to help Mike cook. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is in front of the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike is beside the grill. 
Mike is making a hotdog Jenny is playing with the fire Mike is sitting next to the dog 
Mike waves hello to Jenny. Jenny wants Mike to come see what's over there. Mike is cooking hotdogs on the barbecue. 
Mike is holding the ketchup Mike is offering the ketchup to Jenny The dog is standing on the grill 
Fruit is in the tree. A hot dog is on the grill. Mike has a hat on. 
It is thundering and lightning out. There are three hamburgers on the grill. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
Jenny and Mike are playing at the park. It is lightning today. The cat is sitting behind Mike. 
Mike told the cat to go home. Jenny wants the cat to stay and play. The lighting made Mike sad because it might rain. 
Lightning is striking overhead. Mike is holding the baseball. The cat stands between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. Mike has a blue hat. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are looking for the cat. Mike is sad because it is raining. Jenny's cat is in the tree. 
Jenny is sad because Mike is running away from her. The orange cat is sitting by Mike. It is lightning at the park. Mike is standing by the cat. Jenny is standing by the swing. It is lightening at the park. 
There is lightening in the sky. Mike is happy  but Jenny is sad. A cat is watching Jenny. 
Jenny is near a cat. A cat is wearing a blue collar. Mike is near jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is beside the slide. The swing set is beside the tree. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is sitting by balloons. The helicopter is about to take off. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball Jenny has four balloons There is a helicopter in the sky 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is playing with a ball. 
The red helicopter is in the sky. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is sitting next to the balloons. 
Mike is wearing a hat while kicking a soccer ball jenny is seated on the grass opposite mike with a bunch of inflated balloon in her left hand. Up in the sky above Mike and Jenny is a helicopter painted red and ash. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Jenny is sitting near balloons. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike kicked the soccer ball. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Jenny had four balloons. Mike tried to kick the soccer ball. The helicopter flew over Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is holding the racket. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Mike is sitting on the ground Mike is wearing sunglasses The cat is in the sandbox 
Jenny is afraid of the smiling brown dog. Mike happily sits behind the brown dog. The sun shines brightly above Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is keeping the balloons from the dog. The dog is trying to get the balloons to eat them. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The dog is under the tree. The sees something or someone. 
Jenny cries and pets the dog. Mike smiles and sings in the sun. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. 
Jenny is sad because the dog will not fetch the ball. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is throwing the ball. The dog is standing by the ball. 
Mike is sitting on the ground with a hamburger. The dog is standing by Jenny. Jenny is crying and waving. 
Jenny is talking to the dog. Mike is sitting on the ground. There are a sun and cloud in the sky. 
Mike is holding a hot-dog. Mike is near a dog. mike is wearing black shades. 
Mike shares a hotdog with Jenny. Jenny wants to share her soda. Mike tells Jenny that lunch is ready. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is sitting on the grass. The water is on the table. 
Mike is holding a hotdog. Mike is standing by the grill. Jenny is holding her arms up. 
Mike is holding a hot-dog. Jenny is very happy. Mike has on the color blue. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is standing next to the tree. 
Jenny is sitting beneath a tree. Mike is holding a hotdog. A dog is standing beside Jenny. 
Mike brought a hot dog for Jenny to eat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is sitting by the swing. The balloon is in the sky. 
There is an owl on Mike's head. There is a heavy duck on Jenny's head. Mike is eating a hot dog. 
A bear is near a grill. A snake is near a grill. It is raining near a tree. 
The bear is scaring the snake. It is raining on the bear and snake. The airplane is flying above the tent. 
The bear sees the snake. The sky rains on the bear. Apples are growing on the tree. 
A bear is near snake. A bear is near a apple tree. A snake is in the grass. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. A bear is growling at a snake. The snake is beside the bear. 
It is raining on the bear. The bear is scaring the snake. There is a pale in the sand box. 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. The snake is wearing a winter cap. The bear is wearing purple glasses. 
The bear is wearing a chef's hat. The bear is growling at the snake. There is a raincloud in the sky. 
A bear and a snake are in the rain. Some food is on the grill. Nobody is near the tent. 
The bear is angry at the snake. The bear is wearing a viking hat. It is raining at the park today. 
Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Mike brought Jenny balloons. There are burgers on the grill. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike brought Jenny some balloons. The cat is next to Jenny. 
Mike has balloons. The bear is growling at the duck. Jenny likes the balloons. 
Mike is bringing Jenny balloons. There is a hamburger on the grill. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike brought balloons for Jenny. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is looking at the helicopter. 
Mike is holding a bunch of balloons. Mike and Jenny are sitting near the bench. Jenny is barbecuing some hot dogs. 
Mike is holding a bunch of balloons. Jenny is excited. The cat is next to Jenny. 
Jenny has a chef hat. Mike has four balloons. There are three burgers on the grill. 
Mike has colorful ballons. Jenny has on a silly hat. The sun is shining bright. 
Mike has balloons to share. Jenny flies a kite. Mike and Jenny will have a picnic. 
Mike threw the football. Jenny is happy to get the football. The hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny has a football. Mike wants the football. There is a pizza on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. A goose watches Mike and Jenny play. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Mike is behind the table. The viking hat is falling off of Mike's head. Jenny is waiting to catch the football. 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is catching the ball. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing football. Mike threw the football to Jenny. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is holding the football. Mike wants Jenny to throw the football to him. 
There is a snake near Jenny. Mike is throwing a football. There is a balloon floating over Mike. 
Mike threw the football to Jenny. Mike is in front of the apple tree. The hot air balloon is in front of the sun. 
Jenny is throwing the football. Mike is waiting to catch the football. A hot air balloon is flying. 
Mike is near a fire. Jenny is very sad. Mike is very happy. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting beside the campfire. The campfire is beside the picnic table. Jenny is sitting beside the bucket. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Mike and Jenny are beside the campfire. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is not happy. Mike is near a fire. 
Mike and Jenny have a camp fire. Jenny is afraid of the fire. The cat wants to play with the ball. 
Jenny is sad because the dog is far from her. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. Mike is sitting by the fire. 
Jenny is crying by the fire. Mike is laughing at Jenny. The dog is looking at Jenny. 
Jenny is sad to be camping. Mike is happy by the fire. Mike and Jenny saw an airplane. 
Mike and Jenny sit by the campfire. Jenny is afraid of the big bear. The bear looks hungry. 
Jenny's shoe melted by the fire. Mike likes warm campfires. Jenny is sad about her burned show. 
Mike threw the baseball at Jenny. Jenny has a bruise on her arm. The dog is running away. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is playing with a basketball. Mike is happy  but Jenny is mad. 
Jenny is wearing a pointy blue hat. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Two balls are in the air. 
Mike is holding the basketball. The duck is walking away. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is surprised by the dog. Mike is happy to see the dog. Mike is playing with a basketball. 
Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. Mike is holding the ball. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny has a basketball to play with. Jenny talks to Mike. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is running with a baseball. There is a soda near Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting under an apple tree. Mike is wearing a hat with a star. A plane and a balloon are in the sky. 
Mike laughs as he bounces the orange basketball. A surprised Jenny has fallen by the tree. A gold crown rests by the apple tree. 
Jenny is swinging. Mike is afraid of the dog. Mike is sad it is raining. 
Mike has on a colorful hat. Jenny is sitting in the swings. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
There is a raincloud in the sky. Jenny is playing on the swing. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is sitting by the frisbee. Jenny is sitting on the swing. The dog is standing by the swing. 
Mike is quite sad. Jenny and an owl are on the swings. A snake is near a burger and drinks. 
Mike sits on the ground with the soccer ball and it starts to rain. Jenny swings very high and gets ready to jump off the swing. Mike sits under the apple tree and waits for Jenny to finish swinging 
Rain drops fell onto the swing set. The football was next to Mike. Jenny wore the crown while swinging on the swing set. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. Mike is resting on the grass. It is not raining in the park any more. 
Mike is upset the rain is coming. Jenny is sitting on the swing. Jenny is wearing a gold crown. 
Jenny is crying on the swing set. There is a snake over there. Mike is sitting by the tree. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is holding a tennis racket. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is holding the owl in her hand. Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is kicking Jenny. The dog is beside Mike. 
Mike has hurt his foot Jenny says putting an owl on it will help the pain Mike doesn't want an owl on his sore foot 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. The plane is flying high above. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is wearing a hat. The dog is looking at Jenny. 
Jenny grabs Mike's foot and flips him. Jenny has a pet owl. The dog is watching Mike. 
Jenny is holding the owl. Mike is hold a baseball. The dog is behind Mike. 
Mike is on the table. Mike has a chef hat. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny has an owl. Mike is in front of the tent. There are three burgers on the grill. 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is holding a hamburger. The bear is behind Mike. 
Jenny throws a baseball. Mike has a hamburger. A bear is growling. 
Jenny is very happy Mike is very excited. Mike is holding a burger. 
The bear wants to play catch. Jenny will throw the baseball to the bear. Mike will eat a burger. 
A bear is in the park! Mike and Jenny are happy. A rocket is in the sky. 
Jenny is throwing a baseball. Mike is eating a burger. A bear is about to attack Mike. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is holding a ball. The rocket is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. Jenny is holding a baseball. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
The scary bear has a hat on. Mike has a hamburger. Jenny has a baseball. 
The bear wants the hamburger. Jenny wants to throw the baseball. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is carrying a hamburger. A raincloud is in the sky. 
Jenny shows the duck the rain. Mike takes the hamburger for himself. Jenny is said it is raining. 
Mike is holding a burger. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is standing near a rain-cloud. 
The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is holding a hamburger. The rain makes Jenny sad. 
Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is sad because Mike took her burger. It is raining in the park. 
Mike is holding the burger. Mike is standing next to the fire. Jenny is standing by the fire. 
Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is sad because she want the burger. It is raining in the 
Mike is holding a burger. Jenny is near a table. Mike is very mad. 
Jenny is trying to call Mike over. Mike is angry because it is raining. Mike is wearing a blue baseball hat. 
Mike will not share his hamburger. Jenny is sad it is raining. It is raining on the grill. 
Jenny is ready to hit the snake. The snake is running from Jenny. Mike is telling the snake to run. 
Mike is afraid of the green snake. The sun is shinning brightly above Mike. Jenny happily swings a bat at the snake. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny has a baseball bat. A snake is next to Jenny. 
Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Jenny tries to scare the snake. Mike is afraid of the snake. A snake is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is sad because Jenny has the baseball bat. Jenny is angry because there is a snake. The brown dog is watching the snake. 
Mike sees a snake. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. There is a hot air balloon in the sky. 
The air plane is flying in the sky. Jenny is holding the bat. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Jenny is chasing a snake. Mike is worried about the snake. Jenny has a baseball bat. 
Jenny wants to hit the snake with a bat. Mike thinks Jenny is mean to hit the snake with a bat. Mike is scared the snake is coming so close to him. 
Mike is kicking the football. The dog snuck up on Jenny. Jenny is screaming very loudly. 
Mike kicked the ball because he is angry. The dog is going to chase the ball. Jenny is upset that she won't catch the ball. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. The dog is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are both kicking. 
Mike is chasing the football. Jenny is waving her arms. The dog wants to play football. 
Jenny is holding both arms up. Mike is reaching his arms forward. The hot air balloon is flying. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is happy because of the dog. There is a rocket in the sky. 
Jenny is trying to catch the football Mike didn't throw it far enough The football is going to hit Dog's head 
Mike is angry that the football didn't go high in the air. The brown dog is watching Jenny and Mike play. Jenny is wearing pink today. 
Mike is kicking the football. The sun is in the sky. There is one tree. 
Mike is kicking the football. The dog is watching Mike. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Mike and Jenny are throwing a football. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is jumping out of the tree. Mike is catching the football. The hot air balloon has landed. 
The cat is behind Mike. Jenny is throwing the football. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
The hot air balloon is over there. The cat is watching Mike. Jenny throws the football to Mike. 
Mike throws the football at Jenny. Mike is jumping up and down. The cat likes wearing sunglasses. 
jenny is near to mike. A cat is behind mike. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike is kicking the football to Jenny. The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny tries to catch the football. 
Mike and Jenny are playing sports. A stray cat has sat down to watch them play. There is a stranger in a hot air balloon waving to Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny throws the football. Mike is afraid to catch the football. The cat is watching Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny play catch with a football. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. The cat watches Mike and Jenny play. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is mad because she wants a hamburger. The airplane is flying above. 
There is a plane in the sky. Jenny is kicking a baseball. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. 
A plane flies overhead. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny is very upset. Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a burger. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing dark sunglasses. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
The airplane is in the sky. The blue duck is under the tree. Mike is in the sandbox with a hamburger. 
The airplane is in the sky. Mike is having a hamburger in the sandbox. Jenny is kicking the baseball. 
Jenny and Mike are angry. Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny kicked the baseball. 
The snake is going for a plane ride. Mike is wearing a warm hat. Jenny is holding a hotdog. 
Mike and Jenny are angry. Mike is sitting in a sandbox. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Mike is wearing a witch hat. The dog has a hamburger on his back. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
The dog has a hamburger on his back. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
A hamburger is on the dog's back. Mike is wearing a witch's hat. A balloon is in the sky. 
Mike wears a pointy hat. The dog has a hamburger. Mike and Jenny sit on the ground. 
A burger is on the dog's back. Mike has a hat on. Jenny is very sad. 
Jenny is angry at Mike. There is a hamburger on the dog. The cat is watching the dog. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. The hamburger is on the dogs back. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
The hamburger is on the dog's back. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is upset with the dog. 
The hamburger is on the brown dog. Mike is wearing a pointy hat. The helicopter is grey and red. 
Jenny and Mike like to hold hands. The has a hamburger on his back. Mike is wearing his favorite pair of sunglasses. 
It is raining in the park. Mike tries to share his pizza with the bear. Mike is trading the pizza for the pirate hat. 
The bear scared Mike. Mike is holding a pizza. The bear is wearing a hat. 
Mike gives a pizza to the bear. Mike wears sunglasses. Mike does not want to share his pizza. 
Mike has a pizza. Mike will share the pizza with the bear. The bear is hungry! 
Mike is giving the bear a pizza. The baseball glove is under the apple tree. It is lightning today. 
mike is very happy. Mike is holding a pizza. Mike is near a bear. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. Mike shares the pizza with the bear. The blue duck is waddling by. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a pizza. A jenny is very sad. 
The bear is scaring Mike. Mike is holding the pizza. Mike is standing by the slide. 
Mike is giving the bear a pizza. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is running away from the bear. 
Mike and Jenny are sad because the kite flew away. Jenny is wearing a pretty hat. The cat is sitting behind Jenny. 
A kit is flying in the sky. Mike is helping Jenny. A cloud is in front of the sun. 
Jenny lost her kite. Mike and Jenny are not happy. Mike is standing next to Jenny. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very upset. Mike is wearing  shades. 
Jenny's kite flew away. Mike is trying to help Jenny. Mike has a beach ball. 
Mike is very shocked. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a pie. 
Jenny is near mike. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Mike is very happy. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. A pail is in the sandbox. Jenny is sad because she lost the kite. 
Mike pulled Jenny's hair. The kite flew away when Jenny let go of the string. The kite flew over the tent. 
Mike is standing by Jenny. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is sad because he lost the kite. 
The cat is sitting on the slide. The owl is sitting on the cat. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
A helicopter flies over the park. Jenny is playing with a bunch of balloons. The owl sits on the cats tail. 
There is a helicopter flying in the sky. There is an owl sitting on the cat's tail. The cat looks like he likes the owl. 
The helicopter is landing. The owl is watching the cat. Food is cooking on the grill. 
An owl is sitting on the cat. A helicopter is near the cat. Someone is grilling hotdogs. 
The owl is sitting on the cat's tail. A helicopter is flying towards the balloon. A gray cloud is floating over the grill. 
The cat is watching the fire. The helicopter is making sure the fire is safe. There is a cloud in the sky. 
The owl and cat are standing together. There is a helicopter by the tree. It is a cloudy day. 
The owl is on the cat. The picnic table is yellow. The cat is next to the owl. 
An owl is standing on the cat's tail. There is a slide next to a pine tree. There is a helicopter on the ground. 
Jenny slides down the slide. Mike plays with the beach ball. Jenny is happy for the sunshine. 
jenny is very happy. mike is near jenny Jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny likes to go down the slide. Mike is playing with the beachball. 
Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. The slide is by the tree. Mike has a beach ball. 
Mike is playing with a beach ball. Jenny is sliding on the slide. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny fell on the ground after sliding. Mike had Jenny's beach ball. Jenny is mad Mike has her sunglasses on. 
Mike is throwing a beach ball. Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is sliding. Mike is kicking the beach ball. Mike and Jenny are happy to play in the park. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny slid down the slide. Mike is playing with the ball. 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. Mike has a beach ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
The bear has his arms up. The soccer ball is near Mike. There are two swings. 
The bears sneaks up on Mike. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The bear is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is playing soccer. A bear is behind mike. Mike is wearing blue. 
There is bear in front of Mike Mike is kicking a soccer ball The bear is wearing a hat 
There's a bear behind Mike There's a snake in front of Jenny Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny 
Mike is near a bear. Jenny is playing with a soccer-ball. jenny is sitting in the grass. 
The bear was trying to catch the soccer ball. Mike kicked the soccer ball to the bear. The bear had on a black pirate hat. 
Mike is scared of the bear. The bear has on a pirate hat. The soccer ball is next to Mike. 
The bear is wearing the hat. The ball is sitting by the bear. Mike is scared of the bear. 
A bear is holding a beach ball. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Mike is playing with the dog. The dog is going to catch the ball. A hot air balloon is in the sky. Mike is holding a tennis ball. The dog is not looking at Mike. Mike is calling the dog's name. 
The dog is wearing a pirate hat The dog is happy because he is about to get a ball Mike is wearing a baseball cap 
Mike is throwing a ball at a dog. There is a pirate hat on Mike's head. The sun is behind the tree. 
Mike is throwing a ball. Mike is playing with the dog Mike is staring at the dog. 
Mike is outside the tent. The dog is looking at Mike. Mike wants to play fetch. 
Mike wears a Viking hat. The dog wears a pirate hat. Mike and the dog play with a ball. 
The dog has a ball in its mouth. The ball is yellow. Mike wants the dog's ball. 
the dog is watching mike mike is jumping up there a tennis ball by the table 
A cloud is covering the sun. Mike wants to play with the dog. The tennis ball is next to the dog. 
Mike has a red beanie. Mike is playing fetch with the dog. The dog has a yellow ball. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the bear. A helicopter is flying overhead. 
It is a nice day at the park today. There is a bear at the park! Jenny is sad today. 
A helicopter flies towards the large apple tree. A surprised Jenny falls to the floor. A brown bear screams in surprise. 
The bear is roaring at Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a pirate cap. There is a helicopter flying. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike is next to the apple tree. A helicopter is in the sky. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. The helicopter is here to help Mike and Jenny. The bear is wearing a crown. 
Mike is afraid of the bear. The bear is growling. Jenny is on the ground. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. A bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses There's a bear between Jenny and Mike Mike sits on the ground 
The cat is beside the bear Jenny is in front of Mike There's a helicopter behind Mike 
Mike is sitting next to the tree. The cat is sitting by the duck. Jenny is sitting by Mike. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike has on a blue hat. Jenny has on a hat. 
Mike and Jenny are laughing. The cat and the duck are playing. Mike and Jenny think the duck and cat are funny. 
Mike and Jenny loves ducks and cats. Mike and Jenny like going to the park. Jenny goes to the park with Mike every day. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike and Jenny are happy. A cat and duck are together. 
A cat is drinking a soda. A duck is by a hotdog. A helicopter is flying by Mike and Jenny. 
The cat needed glasses. The duck wanted to wear a hat. Mike and Jenny sat down to watch the cat and duck. 
The duck and cat share a hamburger. Mike and Jenny are happy friends. Mike and Jenny sit on the ground. 
The cat is looking at the duck. Mike and Jenny are watching the cat and the duck. The helicopter is high in the sky. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. The ball is beside the cat. The duck is beside the ball. 
Jenny and Mike are on the swings. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. The swing set is near the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting in a swing-set. A dog is near jenny. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike and Jenny swing happily. The dog is chasing the tennis ball. It's a sunny day at the park. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging. The dog watches Mike and Jenny. A drink is on the picnic table. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging. Jenny is touching Mikes stomach. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. The brown dog has a blue collar. 
The dog is happy about something to the side. Mike and Jenny love swinging. The dog waits patiently to play ball. 
Mike and Jenny play on the swings Mike is wearing a baseball hat Mike and Jenny hold hands 
Mike and Jenny swing. The sun is bright in the sky. The dog watches Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny swing on the swing Mike is beside the apple tree There's a dog in front of Jenny 
Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
A bear is standing in Mike's head. Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is upset at the bear. 
Mike sat down to eat his food. The bear sees Mike's hamburger and wants it. Jenny and Mike are scared. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Mike is offering food to Jenny Jenny is waving to the bear 
Jenny is startled by the bear. Mike doesn't notice the bear. The bear is behind Mike. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny wants Mike to run away. 
There is only one hamburger to eat. mike gives a hamburger to Jenny. A bear smells a hamburger. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny wants Mike's attention. There is a scary bear behind Mike. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny wants Mike to share the hamburger. Mike is very hungry and wants to eat the hamburger. 
Jenny was sad Mike's hamburger had ketchup on it. Mike likes hamburgers with ketchup. The bear saw Mike eating a hamburger. 
Jenny is surprised that the dog is coming to her. Mike is happy that the dog likes Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is worried the ball will hit the dog. Mike and Jenny play as they wait for the grill. Jenny pretends she is a Queen. 
Jenny talks to the dog. Jenny wears sunglasses. Mike wants to play soccer. 
Jenny is petting the dog. Mike is playing with the ball. Mike is happy  but Jenny is mad. 
Jenny saw the dog and began to pet him. Mike had a beach ball and asked them to play. Mike tossed the ball to the dog. 
Jenny kicked a basketball. The bear is scaring the dog. The crown and tennis racket are falling to the ground. 
Jenny want Mike to throw the ball. Jenny and Mike are playing keep away from the dog. Jenny and Mike play near an apple tree. 
Mike is catching the beach ball. Jenny has a soda pop. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is tossing the beach ball. The dog is standing near Jenny. 
Mike is holding a beach ball. A dog is standing beside Jenny. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is about to go down the slide. Mike is sitting with a beach ball. The slide is next to the apple tree. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike is beside the bear. Mike has a beach ball. 
Mike is sitting under the apple tree. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is sitting on top of the slide Jenny is waving at Mike Mike is playing with the beach ball 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is playing with the ball. Jenny wants Mike to throw the ball. 
Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is holding the ball. Mike is standing by the sand box. 
Jenny sits on the slide Mike is wearing sunglasses Mike holds a beachball 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. The dog is at the bottom of the slide. Jenny is waiting for Mike to throw the beach ball. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny fell off the slide. Mike is wearing blue tennis shoes. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike has a beach ball. There is a hot dog on the table. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. The sun is shining bright. Jenny is pretending to be a bear. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Jenny has a pie. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
The dog is standing by the bear. Mike and Jenny are scared. Mike is by the tent. 
The bear is fighting with the dog. Jenny is afraid for the dog. The dog is standing by the bear. 
A bear scared Mike and Jenny away. The dog is under the apple tree. Mike and Jenny are running from the scary bear. 
Mike is running away from a bear. Jenny is roaring with the bear. The dog is wearing a blue collar. 
It is a sunny day at the park. Jenny and Mike play with their dog Sammy. The bear comes along and scares them. 
The bear is holding both arms up. Jenny is holding both arms up. Mike is kicking out his leg. Mike is near jenny. Jenny is near a bear. A bear is near a tree. 
Jenny's hands are in the air. Mike is running from the bear. A bear is trying to scare Jenny. 
The bear waved his paws at Jenny and Mike. Mike ran away from the bear. Jenny screamed when she saw the bear. 
The cat is in the sandbox. The cat is about to eat a hamburger. Mike has the mustard in front of him. 
Mike is near a cat. A cat is in a sand-box. Jenny is near a sand-box. 
The cat is in the sandbox. Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny is trying to get the cat out of the sandbox. 
The cat has a burger in the sandbox. Jenny is waving at the cat in the sandbox. Mike is yelling at the cat to get off his sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing sunglasses. Mike is talking to a cat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
The cat is in the sandbox. Jenny's hamburger is in the sandbox. Mike laughs at Jenny. 
Mike is about to remove the cat from his sandbox. Jenny is angry that there's a cat in Mike's sandbox. The cat has a burger in its sandbox. 
Jenny is sad the hamburger is sandy. Mike is mad at the cat. A ball is by the sandbox. 
The cat took the last hamburger. There is sand on the hamburger. Mike and Jenny are angry. 
The cat is in the sandbox. Mike is mad because the burger is in the sand. Jenny wants the cat to go away. 
Mike is getting rained on. Jenny is running to get the balloons from Mike. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Jenny is sad that it is raining. The football is in the grass. Jenny is holding her balloons. 
Jenny is sad that it is raining out. Jenny is holding colorful ballons. Mike is worried about Jenny. 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
It is starting to rain. Mike and Jenny see the storm. Mike and Jenny will go home. 
The balloons are stuck in a tree. Jenny wears a gray and red cap. Mike runs from the rain. 
The owl is sitting on the sand bucket. The owl is wearing goggles. Mike is running to Jenny. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is wearing blue. 
A yellow table is behind Mike and Jenny. Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. It is raining. 
Jenny has balloons to share. Rain falls from the sky. Mike runs from rain clouds. 
Mike is wearing shades. A bear is near a fire. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
It is a sunny day. The bear is roaring at Mike. Mike is sitting with a baseball. 
Mike is scared of the bear. The bear is wearing a hat and glasses. Jenny is playing catch. 
Mike has a ball in his hand. There is a big bear near mike. Mike is very surprised. 
A bear is scaring Mike. Mike is sitting by his campfire. Mike wore a beanie to the park today. 
Mike is sitting on the ground in front of a tent. A hot dog is on the ground. Mike is scared because he sees a bear. 
Jenny is kicking the bear Mike is wearing a baseball cap There is a helicopter flying through the sky 
A bear is growling at Mike. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike is holding a drink. 
A bear is roaring at Mike. Mike is sitting by a campfire and a grill. A duck watches the bear and Mike. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. The bear is scaring Mike. There are apples on the tree. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Mike is sitting by the table. Jenny is standing by the pit. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. There is pie on the picnic table. It is a pretty day at the park. 
Mike and Jenny have set up a tent. Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. Jenny and Mike are grilling out. 
Mike is throwing a frisbee to Jenny. The pie is on the table. Mike is standing beside the tent. 
Jenny does not want to play with Mike. The pie is on the table. The tent is behind Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing Frisbee. Jenny and Mike will have pie for dessert. Jenny and Mike are camping in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are angry. The tent is in front of the tree. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are throwing a Frisbee. There is a pie on the table. Jenny is standing by a tent. 
The pie is on the picnic table. The grill is beside the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. There is a pie on the picnic table. 
Jenny runs towards the slide. A helicopter flies over the park. Jenny could play on the spring toy. 
Jenny is running to the slide. A helicopter is flying above the slide. Jenny is excited about the pink slide. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the crowng. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is running to the slide. The sun is shining brightly. Jenny has a star on her hat. 
jenny is near a slide. Jenny is in the grass. Jenny is near the grass. 
Jenny is running by the picnic table. Mike slid down the sliding board. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. Jenny is happy that it is a sunny day. A red helicopter flys above. 
Jenny is standing by the slide. The cat is sitting by Jenny. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is running toward the slide. There is a cloud in front of the sun. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Jenny wants to slide. The dog wants to slide. A helicopter is in the park. 
Jenny kicks Mike the soccer ball The sun is above Jenny There's a helicopter behind Mike 
Mike is holding the water. Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is standing by Mike. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball Mike is trying to catch it The sun is hot and they need a drink 
Mike raises his hands. Jenny passes the soccer ball to Mike. The own is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer The owl wants them to be quiet so he can sleep Jenny and Mike don't care what the owl wants 
There is an airplane in the sky. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Mike is playing soccer with Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Mike is waving at Jenny. The sun is hiding behind the cloud. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Jenny worries the ball will hit the puppy. Mike wants to catch the soccer ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer together. Jenny kicks the soccer ball to Mike. Mike just got to the park and waves hello to Jenny. 
Mike kicked the ball hard. Jenny is trying to catch the ball. The dog is walking to the tree. 
Jenny is sad because she does not like tennis. Mike is happy because he hit the ball. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
Mike is holding a tennis rack. Jenny is playing with a tennis ball. Jenny has a blue hat on. 
Jenny is holding the ball. Mike is holding the racket. Mike is wearng the hat. 
It is starting to rain. Mike wants to play tennis. Jenny is feeling sad. 
Mike has a tennis racket. Two clouds are in the sky. Jenny looks to be worried. 
Mike is holding the racket. Jenny is throwing the ball. The duck is standing by Mike. 
The cat is sitting near mike. Mike hitted the tennis ball. Jenny is standing in front of the tree. 
A tree is between Jenny and Mike. Mike is holding a racket. Jenny is sad because she wants the racket. 
Mike and Jenny are playing tennis. Mike has a tennis racket. Jenny has a tennis ball. 
Jenny wants to throw a tennis ball to Mike Mike is holding a tennis racquet Mike is wearing a baseball cap 
A rocket is taking off overhead. Jenny and Mike are excited to watch the rocket. Mike has a beach ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. The toy rocket is flying in the sky. The cat sees Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses. They are near the slide. The beach ball is between them. 
A rocket is flying over the park. Mike is throwing the beach ball. Jenny will catch the beach ball. 
Mike and Jenny look happy. There is a cat and dog by the swings. There is a rocket in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny play ball. Mike wears a colorful cap. Mike sees a rocket in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike play catch with the ball. Jenny has purple glasses. Mike has black glasses. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. The rocket is zipping in the sky. It is a cloudy day today. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is near mike. Jenny s very happy. 
Mike and Jenny are jumping for joy. Jenny is  jumping off the swing. The rocketship is blasting off. 
Mike and Jenny are waving. Jenny is holding balloons. The cat is sitting in the grass. 
The cat is next to Mike. The cat is talking to Mike. Jenny wants to slide. 
Jenny likes to wear braids. Jenny is upset with the cat. Mike has hand in his back pocket. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are waving at the cat. The helicopter is above Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are near a cat. The Sun is out. Jenny is walking funny. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. The cat is in front of Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
The owl is in the tree. The cat is sitting under the tree. Jenny has her two yellow braids. 
Mike is very upset. jenny is very surprised. Mike is near a soccer ball. 
Jenny and Mike are sad. Jenny and Mike are between two trees. The cat is looking at Jenny. 
Mike is angry at the cat. Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is holding a drink. 
Mike is holding a ketchup bottle. Jenny is running with her soda. The burgers are on the grill. 
Mike sees the thunder cloud. Mike is holding the ketchup bottle. Jenny will run away. 
mike is holding some ketchup Jenny is holding a cola Mike is behind Jenny 
Mike is holding the ketchup Jenny is holding the water. Mike is standing by the pit. 
Mike is sad lightning struck the grill. Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike is holding a bottle of ketchup. 
There is a thunderstorm. The cat is hiding under the tree. Mike and Jenny are running home. 
Mike has a bottle of ketchup. Jenny is afraid of the lightning. Mike is looking at Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are by a campfire. Jenny is drinking a soda. Mike is holding a bottle of ketchup. 
Jenny is holding a drink. Mike is holding a bottle of ketchup. Lightning is coming out of the cloud. 
Jenny has a drink. Mike has the ketchup. There is food on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are camping. Mike and Jenny will eat pie later. Jenny is throwing the beach ball. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is stitting by the tree. The sun is shinning in the sky. 
Mike is eating pizza The ball is between Mike and Jenny There is a helicopter in the sky 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Mike will catch the ball. The tree is behind Jenny. 
jenny is near mike. jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. 
Jenny has a viking hat Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball Mike is wearing a baseball hat 
Mike is throwing a ball to Jenny. Jenny is next to the swings. Mike is smiling. 
Jenny is throwing a beach ball. Mike is wearing blue shoes today. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike is standing in the sandbox. Mike has a ball. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny throws a ball to Mike. 
Jenny is holding a baseball. An orange cat sits next to Jenny. A yellow table is behind Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike is holding the baseball bat. The cat is beside Jenny. 
The cat is sitting on the table. Jenny is holding the ball. Jenny  is standing next to the table. 
The cat is standing next to Jenny. There is a rocket flying away. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
The cat is sitting by the soda. Mike looks worriedly at Jenny. Jenny looks surprised as she sits. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. The cat is near Jenny. 
There is an airplane in the sky. Mike and Jenny are waiving their arms. The cat is looking at Mike. 
Mike is wearing the glove. Jenny is holding the cat. The ball is by Jenny. 
The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Jenny is about the throw the ball to Mike. Mike is surprised that Jenny is going to throw him the ball. 
Mike has a vikings hat on. Jenny has a base-ball. Mike is holding a bat. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. A duck is standing beside Mike. Mike is sitting by a drink. 
Mike is near a duck. Mike is very mad Jenny is holding a hot-dog. 
The duck is standing next to Mike. Mike has a hot dog. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. The duck is standing by Mike. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. The blue duck wants Mike's hotdog. A jet plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is very mad. Mike is near a duck. Mike is holding a hot-dog. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. A duck is at Mike's feet. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
Jenny is holding drink. Mike is holding a hotdog. The duck is standing beside Mike. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is holding a hotdog. The duck is standing beside Mike. 
Mike is eating his hotdog. The duck wants Mike's hotdog. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike threw the ball and hit Jenny. Jenny got mad and threw the ball back. Mike is going to catch the ball. 
Jenny is sitting with a soccer ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny has a soccer ball. Mike is surprised Jenny has the ball. Jenny is sitting beside the sandbox. 
Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is holding the soccer ball. The snake is right behind Mike. 
Jenny is making a mean face. Jenny is holding the soccer ball. There is a pretty tree behind Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a winter cap. Jenny is wearing a colorful cap. It is a sunny day. 
An airplane is flying by. Jenny is holding the soccer ball. There are hamburgers on the grill. 
A drink is on the picnic table. Jenny is holding a soccer ball. Mike is wearing glasses. 
The dog is next to Jenny. Jenny has a ball. Mike is wearing a funny hat. 
Jenny doesn't want to share the soccer ball. The dog is standing by the pie. There is a rain cloud in the sky. 
Mike is kicking a football. The cat is under the apple tree. Jenny wants to play too. 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is standing by the tree. The sun is shinning in the sky. 
Jenny looks sad as she waits to catch the football. Mike has kicked the football to Jenny. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is kicking football. Jenny is asking for the ball. The cloud is moving in. 
Mike and Jenny play football. Mike kicks the football. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Mike is kicking a football. Jenny is sitting down and crying. Mike and Jenny are by the swing set. 
Mike is kicking a football. A duck is near a fire. Fruit is in the tree. 
There is a cat next to the tree. Mike kicked the ball to Jenny. Jenny looks at mad at Mike. 
Mike kicked the football to Jenny. Jenny is mad the sun is so hot. The orange cat watches Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing outside in the sun. Jenny's cat sits by her. Mike kicks a football to Jenny. 
Jenny is throwing the football to mike. Mike is ready to catch the football. There is a duck in the sandbox. 
Jenny is holding the football. Mike is under the apple tree. The duck is in the sandbox. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is standing beside the sandbox. The duck is in the sandbox. 
Jenny is throwing a football. Mike wants to catch the football. A duck is in the sandbox. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is waving hello to Mike. The blue duck threw the football at Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch. The duck is playing in the sand box. Jenny is sitting down under the sun. 
Jenny is going to throw the football. Mike is going to catch the football. The duck is in the sandbox. 
Jenny has a hamburger on her head. The duck has the frisbee. The duck is in the sandbox. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is playing catch with Jenny. The duck is playing in the sand box. The owl is in the tree. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very shock. A bear is near a tree. 
Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Mike is wearing black sunglasses. Jenny is mad because the bear has the hot dog. 
The bear takes the only hot dog Jenny is angry and tells him to leave Mike reminds the bear that the hot dog was Jenny's 
A bear interrupted Mike and Jenny's picnic. A bear stole one of Mike's hotdogs. Mike and Jenny are angry at the bear. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. A bear is on the picnic table. Lunch is ready to eat. 
The bear is wearing a Viking cap. Mike is mad at the bear. Mike is wearing a crown. 
Mike is angry at the bear. The bear is holding a hot-dog. The sun is behind the cloud. 
The bear stole Mike's hotdog. Jenny is holding the ketchup. Jenny and Mike are scared by the bear. 
A bear scared Jenny. Jenny dropped her hotdog. Mike is trying to catch Jenny's hotdog. 
The bear is wearing a witch's cap. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
An owl is in the tree. Mike is happy. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny is scared of the owl. Mike finds this hilarious. Mike has a nice rainbow hat. 
The owl has a hamburger. The owl is in the tree. Jenny and Mike are beside the campfire. 
The owl is eating a burger. Jenny is mad at the owl. Mike is doing a dance. 
Jenny is mad that the owl stole her hamburger. Mike is laughing on the grass. The owl is eating a hamburger. 
Jenny is trying to scare the owl. Mike is laughing watching Jenny. An owl is sitting in the tree. 
The owl has taken Jenny's hamburger. Jenny is very upset and hungry. The campfire glows with heat. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding a baseball and baseball bat. 
The owl is watching Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny have a grill. The sun is bright in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are camping. Jenny is trying to scare the owl away. Mike is laughing at jenny scaring the owl. 
Rain is falling from the cloud. Mike is running from the storm. The bear has the frisbee. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. The bear wears a vikings hat. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Mike is wearing a hat. The bear is wearing a hat. The bear is holding a frisbee. 
Mike is scared of the bear. Mike is running. The bear has Mike's frisbee. 
Mike is running away from a bear. A bear showed up at Mike's Camp. There is an owl on Mike's tent. 
Mike is afraid of the big bear. The big bear only wants to play Frisbee with Mike but scared him away. Mike sees the hot air balloon and runs to it for help. 
The bear is holding a frisbee Mike is running away from the bear. An airplane is flying above Mike and the bear. 
Mike is running away from the scary bear. A bear has stolen Mike's frisbee. Mike ran away from the bear so quickly that he forgot his soccer ball. 
A bear has a hat on. Mike has a hat with horns on. The sky is clear. 
The bear scared Mike away. There is a apple tree. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is scared of the dog. Mike is holding a tennis ball. The dog is standing next to the slide. 
Mike is happy to see his dog. Mike's dog followed him to the park. Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The dog is beside the slide. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is petting the dog. Jenny is holding her hands out. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is playing chef. Jenny is wearing a hat. The dog is listening to Jenny. 
Jenny and the Mike are having fun at the park today. They are not playing in the sand box. The sun is bright in the sky. 
Jenny is chasing Mike. Mike is running to the swing set. The brown dog is watching them. 
Mike and Jenny are happy to see the dog. Mike is sitting next to the swings. Jenny is running towards the dog. 
The dog is looking around. Mike is dreaming he is a genie. Jenny is near the fire. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The dog is watching Jenny. The dog is beside the slide. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is crying because Mike is mad. Mike dropped the glove. 
Mike is very mad. Jenny is near a dog. A dog has black shades on. 
Mike is mad Jenny dropped the mitt. Jenny worries the dog will take the mitt. Jenny and Mike argue over the baseball mitt. 
Mike is hold Jenny hand. Jenny is very sad. Mike is standing in the grass. 
Jenny is feeling sad. The dog is watching Mike. Mike is running towards Jenny. 
Mike is mad. Jenny is waving at Mike There is a dog next to Jenny 
Mike was mad Jenny threw down his mitt. The dog came to play with Jenny. Jenny had on her favorite whirligig hat. 
Mike dropped his baseball glove. Jenny is surprised that the dog is in the park. Mike and Jenny are in front of an apple tree. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Mike dropped his baseball glove. The dog sees the baseball glove. 
Mike chases Jenny with a bat. A dog stands next to Jenny. Mike and Jenny argue over the baseball glove. 
Mike and Jenny both have on hats. Mike and Jenny have built a fire. Mike and Jenny are both smiling. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny and Mike are by a campfire. 
The slide is pink and gray. The bear is wearing a hat. There is a hot air balloon floating by a cloud. 
Jenny is waving goodbye to Mike. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny waves hello to Mike. Mike is excited to see the campfire. The wise owl watches them from the tree. 
The sun is shining brightly. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike has a viking hat on. 
Mike wears a Viking's helmet. Jenny wears a pirate's hat. Mike makes a campfire. 
Mike is dancing by the fire. Jenny is holding hotdog bun. The duck is walking by the tree. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the burger. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Jenny angrily offers her pink bucket to Mike. The pink shovel lays inside the sandbox. Mike angrily hides the football behind him. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is playing with the bucket. The sun is behind the cloud. 
Mike is angry because Jenny won't share. Jenny is playing with a shovel and bucket. There is lightning in the sky. 
Jenny wears cool sunglasses. Mike wants the sand pail. Mike and Jenny are near the picnic table. 
Jenny has a pink bucket. There is sand in Jenny's bucket. The hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is angry because Jenny took the pail. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is holding a bucket and shovel. There is one tree. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Mike hurt his foot kicking the bucket. Jenny is laughing at Mike. Jenny is sitting next to the bucket. 
Mike wears purple sunglasses. Mike wears a blue hat. Jenny wears a gold crown. 
Mike is grumpy because it is so hot The heat has made Jenny giddy Mike thinks they should move into the shade 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. There is one big rain cloud in the sky. A plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. The dog is standing next to Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike run home because it is raining. Mike will kick the soccer ball all the way home. Mike and Jenny were playing soccer in the park. 
Jenny is sad because it is raining. Mike is kicking the ball. Mkeis wearing the hat. 
Mike has purple sunglasses on. Jenny has a witches hat on. Rain is falling from a cloud. 
Mike is near a duck. Mike is wearing blue. A duck is near mike. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is not happy Mike is playing with the soccer-ball. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is playing soccer. 
Jenny is sad the dog is lost. Mike chases after the dog. The dog sees rain fall from the sky. 
Jenny is sad that it is raining. Mike wants to play soccer. The rain falls on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is holding a hotdog Mike is sitting next to a soda Jenny is sitting next to the cat 
Mike has a baseball hat Mike is eating a hotdog Jenny is wearing sunglasses 
Jenny angrily glances at the small apple tree. An airplane flies above Jenny's head. An orange cat sits next to a hotdog. 
There is an airplane flying. There is a cat with Jenny and Mike. Mike is eating a hotdog. 
Mike has a hot dog. The cat is sitting by Mike and Jenny. Jenny looks angry at Mike. 
Mike is eating a hot-dog. Mike has a blue hat on. Jenny has a purple hat on. 
Mike has a hot dog. Jenny is mad because she wants a hot dog. Mike has a viking hat. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is sitting next to a cat. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Jenny is angry at the cat. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is eating a hotdog. 
Jenny is sitting by the tree. The cat is sitting by Jenny. Mike is eating the hot dog. 
Mike is holding four balloons. Jenny is kicking her leg. There are two balls on the ground. 
Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is holding a bat. Jenny is wearing purple shades. 
Mike is happy that he has balloons. Jenny is upset that she has no balloons. A duck is looking at the cat. 
The dog is looking at Mike. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is not happy. 
Jenny is kicking a beach ball. Jenny is next to the swings. Mike is holding a bunch of balloons.` 
Mike is holding balloons. Jenny looks angry at Mike. Jenny is standing by the swings. 
Jenny is near a green snake. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is near a grill. 
Mike is holding three balloons. The cat is sitting beside a hotdog. The snake is drinking a drink. 
Jenny is sad her kite flew away. Mike is holding three balloons. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. 
Mike has a bunch of balloons. Jenny is chasing Mike. Jenny does not look happy. 
Jenny doesn't want Mike to have pie. Mike is sitting sadly on the ground. A baseball is on the ground near Mike. 
Jenny wants to throw the pie at Mike. The owl is sitting on the slide. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is running toward Jenny. The pine tree is near them. 
Mike is sad because he doesn't have a pie. There is a soda pop on the table. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike has balloons. 
Jenny does not want to share with Mike. Mike is sad because he would like some pie. The hot air ballon is yellow and red. 
Jenny is holding up a cherry pie. Mike is sitting on the ground. The cat is looking at the pie. 
Mike can't find his soccer ball. Jenny threw the pie into the air. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny missed her air balloon flight because of Mike Mike is scared of the pie in Jenny's hand Jenny is about to throw her pie at Mike 
Jenny is holding up a pie. Mike is sad because he doesn't have pie. Mike and Jenny are by the picnic table. 
A bear is near Jenny! Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The sun is in the sky. 
The bear made Jenny cry. Mike kicked the soccer ball. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing her sunglasses. 
Jenny is running from the bear. The tent is up by the tree. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is running away. The bear scared Jenny. 
A bear tried to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny is running away from the scary bear. Mike kicked a soccer ball at the bear. 
Jenny is near a bear. Jenny is very scared. Mike is very angry. 
Mike is angrily kicking the ball. The bear is surprised. Jenny is running away. 
Jenny is running away. Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is near a soccer-ball. Mike is near a bear. Jenny is running away. 
Mike is playing with a football. Mike is wearing sunglasses. An owl is in the tree. 
Mike is playing with a football. There is a plane flying in the sky. Apples are growing on the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a football. Mike is wearing a witch's hat. A plane flies overhead. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is near a big tree. Mike is near a yellow table. 
Mike threw a football in the air. Jenny has a winter hat on. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike is throwing a football. Mike's arms are in the air. An owl is watching Mike play. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is throwing the ball in the air. The helicopter is flying above Mike. 
Mike is catching the football. A hot air balloon is in the sky. There is a smile on Mike's face. 
Mike is holding a green snake. Mike is wearing black shades. Mike is wearing a chiefs hat. 
Mike throws the football high. The picnic table is yellow. The grill is by the sandbox. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is afraid to catch the football. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Mike kicks Jenny the football Jenny is wearing a blue hat The sun above Jenny 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. A helicopter is flying above Mike. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike has just kicked a football. An owl is in the tree. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the crown. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
The dog is beside Jenny. Jenny is waving to Mike. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is kicking a football. A helicopter flys above. Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is kicking a football. Jenny is infront of an apple tree. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is running toward Mike. The sunshine is high in the sky. 
Mike kicked the football. Mike has a hat. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Mike has a red shovel and bucket. Mike is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. A bear is growling at Mike. The sandbox is beside a tree. 
The bear is scaring Mike. Mike is wearing goggles. Mike has a shovel. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny is afraid of the bear. Mike doesn't see the bear behind him. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. There is a pink bucket in the sandbox. 
A bear is near the sandbox! Fruit is on the tree. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike is shoveling sand into the bucket. The bear snuck up on Mike. Mike is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is sad in the sandbox. The pail is full of sand. The bear is standing by Mike. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. Mike is holding the shovel. The bear is wearing the hat. The bear is wearing a yellow hat. The bucket is outside of the sandbox. Mike is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The pail is full of sand. The bear is standing outside the sandbox. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very shocked. Mike is near a soccer-ball. 
It is raining on Mike. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike is jumping. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny kicked the ball to Mike too hard. Mike caught the soccer ball. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer in the park. 
Jenny has a baseball and Mike has a soccer ball. Jenny wore her favorite baseball cap. Mike tried to kick the soccer ball as high as the sun. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is angry at jenny. The snake is sitting under the sun. 
Jenny is wearing silly sunglasses. There is a viking hat on Jenny's head. The soccer ball hit Mike's head. 
Jenny wants to play soccer Mike thinks they always do what Jenny wants Jenny wishes Mike wasn't so hard to get along with 
Mike is kicking a ball. Jenny is sitting my a cat. Mike is playing soccer. 
Mike does not want to play ball. Jenny has a new hat. Jenny threw the ball at Mike. 
Jenny is on the slide. A bear is near a duck. Mike is about to catch a basketball. 
Mike is playing with a basketball. Jenny is playing on the slide. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Jenny is on a slide mike is very happy. mike has a blue shirt on. 
Mike is throwing the ball up. The cat is sitting by Mike. Jenny is sitting on the slide. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is throwing the ball in the air. Jenny is going down the slide. 
Jenny is going down the slide. The rocket is flying away. Mike is wearing a crown. 
Mike throws the tennis ball high. A duck is near the slide. Jenny goes down the slide fast. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Mike is playing with the basketball. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Jenny is sliding on the slide. Mike is jumping in the air. The soda pop is on the table. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Mike is playing with a ball. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. The dog is in the sandbox. The sandbox is beside the slide. 
Jenny is playing in the sand box. The man in the hot air ballon is waving. Mike is excited to see the ballon in the sky. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The dog is in the sandbox. Jenny is waving at the cat. 
Mike sits in a sandbox MJenny is front of Mike Mike is wearin a spinny hat 
Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. The dog is in the sandbox with them. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a helmet. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike threw a frisbee. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is standing in the sandbox. The dog is between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is standing in the sand box. The dog is sitting in the sand box. Mike is standing in the sand box. 
The dog is standing in the sandbox. Mike is facing the dog. Jenny is holding her arms forward. 
Jenny is smiling nicely. Mike is near a dog. A dog is in the sand-box. 
Jenny is mad at the bear. Mike worries Jenny is too close to the bear. The cat is hiding behind the tree. 
Jenny is holding a ball. The bear has sharp claws. Jenny is angry at the bear. 
Jenny is going to hit the bear with the bat. Mike is trying to stop Jenny. The cat is staying away from the bear. 
A bear wants to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Mike is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is very shock. Jenny is very upset. jenny is holding a bat. 
Jenny is holding a bat. A bear is growling. An airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is scared of the bear. 
There is an angry bear next to Mike. Jenny is holding a baseball. A grey airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a bat Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is trying to kick the bear 
Jenny is holding a bat. A bear is growling at Jenny. A bear is standing beside a tree. 
Jenny slides down the slide. Mike comes to talk to Jenny. Jenny is mad the sun is so hot. 
Jenny  is sitting by the slide. Mike is standing by the tree. The sun is shinning in the sky. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny looks angry at the bottom of the slide. Mike is running away from Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting by the slide. The balloon is flying in the sky. Mike is standing by Jenny. 
jenny is very angry. Mike is very shocked. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Jenny looks upset after riding the slide. Mike is running to see if Jenny is hurt. Jenny does not like being hurt. 
Jenny has a crown on her head. Mike is wearing a vikings hat. Jenny is sitting near a slide. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike accidentally hit Jenny with the ball. Mike is worried that Jenny is hurt. 
Jenny fell from the slide. Jenny looks mad that she hurt herself. Mike runs to see if Jenny is okay. 
Jenny is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is sliding. Mike is holding a baseball. 
Jenny is holding a football. A dog is standing between Mike and Jenny Jenny is standing beside a tree. 
Mike is catching a ball. Jenny is throwing a ball. Mike is next to a dog. 
Jenny has a football. The dog is in front of the tree. Mike is waiting for the football. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. The dog wants to play with Mike and Jenny. Mike is near the tree. 
Mike is catching the football. Jenny is in the forest. The dog is watching Jenny. 
Jenny throws the football to Mike. Mike stands near a dog. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. The dog is wearing sunglasses. Jenny threw the football to Mike. 
playing with football playing with dog avoiding ball not to go forward 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is throwing a football. An owl is in the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football Mike is standing next to the tree Jenny is standing next to the table 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding the tennis ball. The slide is behind Mike. 
Jenny has a tennis ball. A cloud is in the sky. Mike has a soccer ball. 
Jenny is holding the ball. The pit is by the tree. Mike is sad becasue he wants the ball. 
There is a gray cloud in the sky. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is waiting to kick the soccor ball. 
Mike is playing with a soccer ball. Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Jenny is sad because she wants the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny see a bear. The bear is wearing black sunglasses. The cat is not scared of the bear. 
Mike wants to play soccer Mike is standing next to the cat Jenny wants to play tennis 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Mike would rather play soccer. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny has a crown on. An airplane is in the sky. A soccer ball is near Mike. 
Mike wanted to trade Jenny. Jenny liked the tennis ball best. Mike showed Jenny the soccer ball. 
Jenny is beside the tent. Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are camping outside. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike thinks Jenny is cool. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer There is a plane flying through the sky Mike is standing next to a table 
Jenny and Mike are camping There is a snake behind Mike Mike and Jenny are happy 
Mike and Jenny have set up their tent in the park for a camp out. Mike and Jenny are kicking a soccer ball back and forth. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat while Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike wants to play with the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing a fun hat. Mike is standing next to a tent. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The dog is in front of the tent. There is a plane in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The snake wants to play. Mike is by the fire. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the fire. The hot air ballon is red and yellow. The grill is in front of the tent. 
Mike and Jenny enjoy campfires. The rocketship just took off. Mike likes mustard on his hotdog. 
Jenny and Mike are having a camp fire. Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is eating her hamburger. 
Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. Mike and Jenny sit by the fire. 
Mike and Jenny are next to the campfire. Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny has a hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. Mike and Jenny are eating lunch. Mike and Jenny have hotdogs and hamburgers. 
Jenny is eating a hamburger. Mike is eating a hotdog. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the fire. 
Jenny is eating a hamburger. Mike is eating a eating a hotdog. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. 
Jenny is wearing a princess crown. Mike is enjoying a hotdog. Jenny made herself a hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting at a campfire. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
Mike is sad it is raining. Jenny is scared of lightening. Jenny jumps in the air. 
Jenny is holdingthe water. Mike issittingin the grass. Jenny is sitting next to the table. 
Mike is holding the soda. Mike and Jenny are surprised it is staring to rain. Jenny is holding the baseball. 
Mike is getting hit by lightning Jenny is standing under the rain Mike and Jenny are waving to each other 
Jenny sitting in a swing. Jenny has a surprise look. There's a dog nearby. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is sad that it's raining. Jenny is wearing a blue cap with a star. 
Jenny is sitting next to a soccer ball It is raining outside Jenny is waving to someone 
Mike fell on the ground. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny seas the lightening storm. 
Jenny is sitting by the slide. Mike is sitting by the swing set. It is raining and lightning out. 
Mike is sitting next to the swings Jenny is standing under the thunderstorm Jenny has her arms in the air 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is holding mustard. Jenny is standing by a tree. 
Mike is holding mustard. The sun is in the sky. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
likes the coke. Mike wants the coke The cat watches Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a gold crown. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Jenny has three pretty ballons. 
Mike is holding some mustard. The cat is on the picnic table. Jenny is running with a soda. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park. Jenny is happy that Mike is giving her a drink and mustard. Mike is upset  and Jenny doesn't know why. 
Mike has the mustard. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The tree has ten ripe apples on it. 
Mike and Kate are playing pretend at the park. Kate is pretending to be a princess. Mike is pretending to be a warrior. 
Jenny is holding a red and white cup. Mike is angry at Jenny. Mike is holding a mustard container. 
Mike is holding the mustard. Jenny is sitting next to the football. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is sitting next to Mike. A mustard bottle is next to Mike and Jenny There is a soccer ball in the field. 
Mike is sitting next to Jenny. There is a soccer ball. The sun is out now. 
Jenny has mustard. The soccer ball sits next to Mike. Jenny talks to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny see a soccer ball. Jenny is holding a yellow bottle. The soccer ball is black and white. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a bottle of mustard. A soccer ball is in front of Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are resting in the grass. Mike and Jenny were playing soccer. Jenny forgot to put away the mustard. 
Jenny had mustard for a hotdog. The soccer ball was under the tree. Mike saw the Frisbee behind Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on Mike's lap. Jenny is holding a bottle of mustard. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny sits on Mike. A hot air balloon is in the sky. Jenny has mustard. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy.. Mike is near a table. 
Jenny slides down the pink slide. Mike plays fetch with the dog. Jenny watches Mike play with the dog. 
Jenny went down the slide. Mike wants Jenny to play with his ball. The ball is next to Mike. 
Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is sitting by the slide. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike is throwing the frisbee. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting on the slide. 
Jenny is on the slide. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. Mike is talking to the dog. 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. Mike is playing with the dog. The slide is next to the tree. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is sitting by the slide. 
Jenny is sitting on the swing. Mike is holding the ball. The dog is holding the frisbee. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny has reached the bottom of the slide. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike is standing next to the dog. Jenny is sitting next to the slide. The ball is on the grass. 
It has started to rain at the park. The man in the hot air ballon is waving at Jenny. Jenny is playing fetch with the dog. 
Jenny is very sad. A dog is near jenny. jenny is holding a tennis ball. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. It is raining on Jenny. The dog is looking at Jenny's ball. 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. jenny is near a duck. A dog is near jenny. 
Jenny looks sadly at the dog. The dog is playing with a frisbee. It is raining behind the dog. 
Jenny is crying. A dog is under the tree. Jenny has a star on her hat. 
Jenny is sad that the dog has the frisbee. No one is swinging on the swingset today. It is raining at the park today. 
Jenny is worried about the storm. Jenny is worried the dog will get her ball. The dog wants to play with the ball. 
It is raining at the park today. Jenny has a tennis ball. Jenny is wearing a blue cap with a white star on it. 
Jenny is upset that it's raining. The dog is not fetching the ball. Jenny is trying to play with the dog. 
Jenny kicked the beach ball back to Mike. Mike did not want to play with Jenny's beach ball. The hot air balloon was going to land in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are angry. Mike and Jenny are kicking a beach ball. A dog is watching them. 
Jenny is wearing purple hat. Mike is wearing a vikings hat. jenny is kicking a beach-ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. Mike and Jenny are angry. The dog is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking the ball. The cat has a kite. The owl is on the kite. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting over the ball. The cat is sitting near Mike. A hot air balloon is floating by. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. A snake is near Mike. Jenny sees the sun shining. 
Jenny is kicking a ball. Mike is mad at Jenny. The sun is shining. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking a soccer ball. Mike and Jenny look angry at each other. Mike is by the apple tree. 
Jenny and Mike are kicking the ball. Jenny looks mad at Mike. Mike looks angry at Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny like the rocket ship. Mike is sitting on the picnic table. There is a hot dog in Mike's hand. 
Mike is sitting on the table. Jenny is waving to Mike. A rocketship is flying in the park. 
A rocket took off nearby. Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is waving at the dog. 
Mike is sitting on the talbe. Mike is dropping his hot dog. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
While Mike is sitting  Jenny is standing and watching as her balloons are flying in her palm. In shades of black  Mike looks on while Jenny is holding four balloons in the air. As a rocket ship flies over them  Mike and Jenny are enjoying the afternoon sitting and watching. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is sitting on a table. jenny is on a yellow table. 
Jenny is standing in the rain Mike is sitting on a picnic table Mike is eating a hot dog 
Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is holding a hotdog. Mike and Jenny see a rocket launching. 
Mike is sitting on a picnic table. Mike is eating a hotdog with mustard. Jenny is waving to a rocketship. 
Mike is sitting on the table. Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny and Mike are holding hands. 
It is starting to rain. Jenny is angry at Mike. The duck is standing between Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is wearing a pirate cap. The duck is between Mike and Jenny. Mike has a soda. 
It is raining above Mike. There is a duck near Mike. Jenny is near the apple tree. 
Jenny is sitting by the duck. Mike is sitting by the duck. It is raining in the park. 
Mike is happy to see the duck. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is letting Mike know it's raining. 
It rains on the duck Mike is standing by the fire A duck is between Jenny and Mike 
Jenny is very angry. Mike is wearing a funny hat. There is a duck on the ground. 
Mike waves to Jenny Jenny is wearing sunglasses Mike and Jenny sit next to the duck 
A duck is between Mike and Jenny Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground It is raining on Mike and Jenny 
Mike is wearing a viking helmet. The duck likes the rain. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Mike and Jenny are mad. There is an owl on the slide. There is a picnic table on the grass. 
An owl is on the slide. Mike has a kite. Jenny has a pizza. 
Jenny is sitting at the bottom of the slide. Mike is wearing a winter cap. It is a sunny day. 
The owl is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny wants to go down the slide. Mike wants his pirate hat back. 
jenny is very angry. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is very upset. 
The owl is at the top of the slide. Jenny and Mike do not want to play together. Jenny is yelling at Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are mad because the owl is on the slide. Mike has a hot dog. Jenny is in the sand box. 
Jenny wants to go down the slide. Mike wants the owl to stay on the slide. Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. 
An owl is sitting on the slide. Mike and Jenny are waiving their arms. Mike is jumping up and down. 
The owl is sliding down the slide. Mike and Jenny are mad at the owl. It is raining on the slide. 
Mike is playing soccer. Jenny is playing Tennis. The dog is wearing a hat. 
An airplane flies overhead. Jenny has a tennis racket and ball. The dog is wearing a witch's cap. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny wants to play tennis. The dog wears a blue hat. 
Mike kicked a soccer ball. The dog has a wizard hat on! Jenny has a tennis racket. 
Jenny is holding the racket. The dog can not see with his hat on. The dog is wearing a larger witch hat. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The dog is wearing a wizard's hat. Jenny is swinging the tennis racket. 
Jenny has a tennis racket. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The witch hat is too big for the dog. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball Jenny is going to try to hit it with a tennis racket The dog is going to take the witch hat 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. The dog is wearing a hat. Mike is playing with a soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is holding a tennis racquet. The dog is wearing a witch hat. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Apples grow on the tree. Jenny runs to Mike. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is near mike. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. The dog is standing under the tree. Mike is sorry for pushing Jenny. 
The snake hopped on the grill. Jenny wants to hit the snake. Mike is getting the snake  off. 
Mike is standing next to the pail. Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Mike is wearing blue. Jenny is very angry. Jenny is holding a base-ball . 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the slide. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting by the ball. 
Jenny is angry with Mike. Mike is trying to calm down Jenny. Mike is wearing a knit hat. 
Jenny is upset with Mike. Mike is surprised that Jenny does not want to play. The tree is behind Mike. 
Jenny is holding a bucket and shovel. Mike is kicking a beachball. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike is playing with the beach ball. The bucket is in the sand box. The sun is hiding behind the clouds. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Mike's hat has fallen off. The sandbox is next to the tree. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny threw a ball over the sandbox. Mike wants Jenny to play in the sandbox with him. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is playing with the ball. The bucket is in the sandbox. 
Mike is next to the sandbox. Mike sees a ball. The sun is shining on Mike. 
Mike is happy to play in the sandbox. Mike wants to kick the beach ball. Mike is happy for the sunshine. 
There is a beach ball beside the sandbox. There is a pail in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The pail is full of sand. The sandbox is next to the tree. 
The sky is sunny. Mike is feeling happy. Mike wants to play on the swings. 
Jenny is sitting on the picnic table There is also a pizza on the picnic table. Mike is sad and reaching towards Jenny. 
Mike is holding a pizza. Mike is holding a chief hat. Jenny is sitting on a table. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike has prepared a pizza. Mike needs Jenny to move off the table. 
Mike is holding a pizza and frowning. Jenny is standing on the picnic table. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. 
Jenny is on a table. Mike is wearing blue shoes. Mike is near jenny. 
Mike is holding a pizza. Mike is wearing a chefs hat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing a chef's hat. Mike is carrying a pizza. Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. 
Jenny is sitting on the table. Mike is holding the pizza. Mike does not like pizza. 
Jenny sits on a table Mike is wearing a chef hat Mike is holding a pizza 
Mike is holding a pizza. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is sitting on a table. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Mike is holding a baseball mitt. Mike is coming down the slide. Jenny is waiting for Mike. 
Mike is going down the slide. The sun is hiding behind a cloud. Jenny and Mike are having fun. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny sees Mike is having fun on the slide. Mike is going to chase the goose. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is happy to see her cat. The cat is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike is playing on the slide Jenny is wearing a wizard hat Mike is holding a soda 
Mike has on his pirate hat. Jenny is raising her hands. The blue duck is watching Mike. 
Mike is wearing a vikings hat. Mike is very happy Jenny is next to mike. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike is playing on the slide. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike has a bat. The dog is beside Mike. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike has a bat. Jenny is kicking at Mike. Mike is sad because Jenny is mad. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. A helicopter is flying over. Jenny is kicking the air. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Mike is standing next to the swing set. Jenny angrily kicks at Mike. 
Mike is swinging the baseball bat. Jenny is wearing a snow hat during the summer. There is a helicopter above Jenny. 
Mike is holding the baseball bat. The helicopter is flying in the air. Jenny stomps towards Mike with mustard. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is mad at Mike. The helicopter is red and grey. 
The owl is hiding in the apple tree. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding up a bat. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike wants to play baseball. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Jenny kicks mike in the butt Mike thinks about hitting her with the bat A spy coptor catches the whole thing on film 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mike has horns on his head. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike was teaching Jenny to kick the football. Jenny tried her best to kick the football. Jenny did not like kicking a football. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. The cat is in the sandbox. Mike is mad  and Jenny is sad. 
Jenny kicked the football. Mike is waiting to catch the football. The cat is sitting on the grass. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is standing by the tree. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Jenny is sad because Mike wants to share the football. Jenny is running by the tree. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is mad that Mike is not catching the ball. Mike wants to play with the dog. Jenyy is standing near the tree. 
Jenny is sad because the football didn't go far. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. There is a soda sitting in the grass in front of Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the football to Mike. Mike is standing under the cloud. Jenny is wearing a beanie. 
The dog wants to steal the pie. Jenny is trying to kick the ball to Mike. Mike is mad because he has to wait for the ball. 
Jenny is watching Mike and the snake. The snake slithers toward Mike. The hamburgers are cooking. 
Mike kicked the snake. Jenny doesn't want to be by the snake. Mike is by the table. 
Mike is kicking the snake because he is angry. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny worries the snake will bite her. Mike is chasing away the snake. Jenny was playing in the sand box. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. A snake is standing beside Mike. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny looks scared of the snake. There is a snake by Mike. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is wearing the glasses. The snake is scaring Jenny. 
Mike kicks the green snake. Jenny is sad as Mike kicks the snake. Mike pretends to be an evil king. 
Mike wears sunglasses on a sunny day. Mike kicks a green snake. Jenny points to the yellow sun. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Mike is sad because he lost his balloons There are apples in the tree Jenny is sitting on the grass 
Mike has four balloons. The sun is behind the cloud. Jenny wants the balloons that Mike has. 
Mike let go of the balloons. Jenny is chasing after the balloons. A rocketship is flying away. 
Mike is upset because Jenny is crying. Jenny is sad because the ballons have floated away. The owl is sitting at the top of the tree. 
The bunch of balloons got away from Mike. Jenny is worried the balloons will float away. Mike wore sunglasses to the park today. 
There are apples in the tree Jenny is sitting on the ground Jenny is wearing a silly hat 
Mike and Jenny are scared to slid.e Mike is sad the balloons blew away. Jenny is sad the sun is so hot. 
Jenny is very sad. There's a dog with a blue collar. Mike is next to jenny. 
Mike and Jenny run towards each other A duck rides a rocket over Jenny Mike and Jenny are sad about the balloons 
Mike has mustard on his shirt The grill is between Mike and Jenny Mike has four balloons 
Mike's blue hat is sideways. Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. The ball is very colorful. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is catching the ball. The cat is sitting near Mike and Jenny. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is wearing a blue cap. Mike and Jenny are playing with a football. 
Mike kicked the beachball. Jenny is standing next to the swingset. The pink shovel is in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Jenny and Mike are happy. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is making a silly face. Mike and Jenny are playing ball. 
Mike has a baseball bat in his hand. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The tree has lots of apples. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Mike is running towards the soccer ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. The sun is behind a cloud. They are next to the apple tree. 
Mike is calling the cat. There are two clouds in the sky. Jenny looks mad at the cat. 
Mike has a pirate hat. Mike has a pet dog. Jenny has a colorful hat. 
Mike is afraid of the falling rain drops. Jenny is angry at the grey clouds. Jenny stands in front of the apple tree. 
It has started to rain. There is lightening coming from the cloud. Jenny wants to go inside. 
It is beginning to rain. The duck is under a tree. Mike is kicking a basketball. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is sad. There is a rain cloud above Jenny. 
Jenny is standing next to an apple tree. Rain is falling on the tent. Mike and Jenny are arguing. 
Jenny angrily demands the football. Mike is worried about the raindrops. An airplane flies past the raining cloud. 
Mike is wearing a blue shirt. The ball is by the sandbox. The pine tree is very tall. 
Jenny is mad it is raining. Jenny won't share the balloons. Mike is in the sandbox. 
Mike is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. The bear is holding the burger. 
Jenny kicked hamburger bear. The kick hurt hamburger bear. Mike is cheering on Jenny. 
Jenny kicked the bear. The bear stole a hamburger. Mike and Jenny were having a picnic in the park. 
The bear is holding a hamburger. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. Mike is playing with the football. 
The bear is going to eat a hamburger. Mike is holding a football. Jenny is laughing at the bear. 
The bear is wearing glasses. Jenny is afraid of the bear. Mike is holding a racket. 
The bear is holding a hamburger. Jenny wants to eat the hamburger. Mike is surprised that the bear took the hamburger. 
The bear is holding a hamburger and ketchup. Jenny and Mike are happy. The sun is behind a cloud. 
Jenny angrily kicks the bear in the shin. The screaming bear is holding a hamburger. A basketball sits in front of a tree. 
Mike is wearing glasses. Jenny kicked the bear. The bear is holding a hamburger. 
Mike is spinning a frisbee. Jenny is happy. Jenny is playing with a ball. 
Mike is holding a Frisbee. Jenny is holding a beach ball. Mike and Jenny are playing by the tree. 
Jenny wants to play with her beach ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. It is raining on Jenny. 
Mike is near Jenny. Jenny is surprised. Mike has on the color blue. 
Mike is holding the frisbee. Jenny is holding the ball. Mike is sitting under the tree. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the frisbee. Jenny is holding the ball. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is holding the frisbee. The apple tree is between Mike and Jenny. 
Red apples are on the tree. Jenny has on sunglasses. Mike has an orange frisbee. 
Jenny is holding a beach ball. Mike is holding a frisbee. The cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Mike is playing Frisbee. Jenny is playing with the beach ball. Jenny will play on the swing later. 
Jenny and Mike see the duck. The airplane is flying over Mike and Jenny. Jenny is on the ground. 
Jenny waves her arms. The duck walks to Jenny. Mike runs after the duck. 
Jenny is chasing a duck. Mike is holding out his arms. A plane is in the sky. 
Jenny waves at a plane. Mike is happy to see Jenny. The duck wants to play with Mike. 
The airplane is flying in the sky. The duck is standing in front of Jenny. Mike is holding his arms forward. 
Mike is near jenny. jenny is very happy. A duck is near jenny. 
Jenny is running towards Mike. Mike has a new hat. The duck is walking on the grass. 
Mike is holding a bird. Jenny is sitting on the grass. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Jenny is standing on the slide Mike is about to catch the duck An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny 
Mike is chasing the duck. Jenny is raising her arms. The sandbox is empty. 
The pirate is hat is on the table. Jenny is sitting under the tree. Mike is unhappy because of the lightning. 
There is a hot dog on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are upset about the weather. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the picnic table. 
mike is very happy. Mike is next to jenny. Jenny has on a vikings hat. 
Mike is sitting next ton jenny. Jenny is very surprised. jenny is sitting in the grass. 
The owl is on the picnic table. Lightning strikes overhead. Jenny and Mike are sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is holding the mustard Mike and Jenny are sad there is only one hotdog. It is going to storm on Mike and Jenny's picnic. 
Jenny is looking surprised. Mike is sitting in the grass. There is a hot-dog on a table. 
It is stormy in the park. Jenny is scared because it is stormy. There is lightning in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting beside a tree. A baseball cap is sitting on a table. Lightning is coming from a cloud. 
A thunderstorm is coming Mike is siting with his legs crossed Jenny is sitting in front of a tree 
Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is standing next to the tree. 
Jenny is sitting by the slide. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting by the tree. 
Jenny falls off the slide. Mike sees the bucket and shovel. The slide is by the tree. 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny fell off the slide. Mike is trying to make Jenny feel better. 
Jenny fell off of the slide. The dog is watching Mike. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is throwing the frisbee. The glove is next to the slide. 
Jenny hurt herself on the slide. Mike is laughing at Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny fell off of the slide. Mike is petting the owl. The owl is in the bottom of the tree. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is very angry. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny waves to Mike. Jenny slid down the slide. 
Jenny is flying a kite Mike sits on a table There's a snake in front of Jenny 
Jenny and Mike see a friend coming to play. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic in the park. Mike and Jenny have a hamburger and a soda. 
The bucket is pink and full of sand. Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike has a soda pop. 
Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. The dog is on the picnic table. Mike is eating a hamburger. 
Mike sits on the ground. Jenny enjoys her cola. Mike enjoys a hamburger. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny has a soda pop. There is no one playing in the sand box. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting on the ground. There is a burger on the ground. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is drinking a soda. The dog smells the hamburgers cooking. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a hamburger. A cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Mike is sitting next to the snake The snake is chasing Jenny Mike is sitting under the hot air balloon 
Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is running very fast. Mike is holding a drink. 
Jenny is being rained on. Mike has a chef hat on. The snake is next to Mike. 
The sneaky snake chases Jenny. Mike fell off his ball. Jenny is scared. 
Jenny is running from the snake. The baseball is beside Mike. The hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. The snake is slithering away from Mike. Jenny is running towards the tree. 
Mike is shocked about the snake. Jenny is scared of the snake Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is running away she is scared of snakes. Mike is also scared of snakes. The snake is trying to play baseball. 
Jenny runs away from the snake Mike wants Jenny to comeback Mike is sitting next to the tent 
Jenny is running from the snake. Mike is wearing a hat of many colors. The warm  yellow sun is in the sky. 
Jenny throws the soccer ball to Mike. Mike waves hello to Jenny. The picnic table is small. 
Jenny is holding a soccer ball while crying. Mike looks angry at Jenny. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. A bear is waving. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing purple shades. mike is wearing blue. 
Jenny threw the soccer ball to Mike. Mike is scared he will drop the soccer ball. A jet is flying over the park. 
A plane is flying over the tree. Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. jenny is near a base-ball glove. mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Jenny threw the soccer ball to Mike. Jenny is standing near the tree. Mike is standing under the airplane. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. A duck is standing next to Mike. An airplane flies by in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses A duck is in the sandbox. Mike is playing with a ball. 
The cat is under the apple tree. Jenny is skipping in the park. Mike is standing behind Jenny. 
The dog has the ball in his mouth. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike is standing near the dog. 
Mike tells Jenny that vikings were allowed to kick people Jenny says he will have to catch her first The top of Jenny's hat spins as she runs 
Mike and Jenny are playing tag. Mike and Jenny are having fun playing. Mike is chasing Jenny. 
Mike tells Jenny the apples are ripe Jenny runs for a basket to hold the ones they pick Mike is happy they are picking apples 
Mike and Jenny are playing tag. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing horns on her head. The tent is set up. 
The owl is in the apple tree. Mike is wearing a wizard's cap. The dog is watching Jenny run. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. The ducks is under the tree. An airplane is flying through the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing tag. There is an owl up in the tree. Mike is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is running to the sandbox. An air plane is flying overhead. 
Mike is throwing the frisbee. Mike is standng by the swing. The air plane is flying the sky. 
Mike wants to play in the sandbox. Mike is happy to play. Mike found his yellow ball. 
Mike is happy to see the toy. The bucket and shovel are in the sandbox. The slide is by the tree. 
Mike is running toward the sandbox. The beachball is rolling around. Mike likes to go down the slide. 
There is a plane in the sky. Mike is running with a soda. The cat is at the top of the slide. 
An airplane flies overhead. Mike is running towards the slide. A football rests at the bottom of the slide. 
Mike had a tennis racket and bat. Mike was looking for the tennis ball. Mike wanted to slide down the slide. 
Mike is near a slide. Mike is very happy. A shovel is in a sand-box. 
It is beginning to rain. The cat is on the playground equipment. Mike is running towards the slide. 
Mike is holding a ball. Jenny is running. Mike is angry. 
Mike wants his ball back. Jenny loves her new hat. Jenny wants to play fetch instead. 
Mike is mad because Jenny took his hat. Jenny is running away from Mike. The dog is glad to be out with Mike and Jenny. 
The bear has a pizza. Jenny is waving at the bear. Mike is holding a baseball and bat. 
Jenny is running away. There is a plane over Mike's head. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
Mike wants to play baseball. Jenny thinks the dog is cute. The dog watches Jenny. 
Mike is standing under the appletree Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny Jenny runs away from the soccer ball 
Mike is chasing Jenny through the park. The dog wants to play with Mike and Jenny. Jenny is playing tag with Mike. 
Mike is holding the ball. Jenyy is standing next to the tree. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
There is a hamburger and a soda on the table. The dog is looking at the soccer ball. Mike looks angry at Jenny. 
Mike is sliding down a slide. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Mike is sitting on the bottom of a slide. Jenny is shocked that there is a snake on the slide. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike fell off the slide and got hurt. Mike was scared when he saw a snake coming his way. Mike wore sunglasses to help shade his eyes from the sun. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is playing on the playground. 
Mike is wearing a warm hat. Mike is going down the slide. The snake is waiting at the bottom of the slide. 
Jenny seems to be afraid. Mike is on top of a slide. A balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is on the slide. It is raining behind Mike. The snake is next to the tree. 
Mike is wearing a hat. The swing set is beside the tree. Mike is beside the slide. 
A lightning bolt strikes above the snake. Mike unhappily falls off the slide. The green snake slithers by the red cup. 
Mike talks to the snake. Mike slides down the slide. Mike wears a hat. 
Mike and Jenny don't have enough hot dogs. Jenny has ketchup but no hot dog. A hot air balloon is flying by. 
Jenny is mad that Mike got the last hot dog. Mike does not want to share the hot dog with Jenny. The hot dog has mustard on it. 
Mike has a hot dog. Jenny is mad because she wants the hot dog. Mike has a pirate hat. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny is mad because she wants the hot dog. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike has a hotdog. Jenny is angry because she wants the hotdog. Mike is trying to share with Jenny. 
Mike is holding a hotdog and some ketchup. There is a snake between Mike and Jenny. There is a duck near Mike. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Mike is standing in front of a tent. Jenny is angry. 
Mike wants catsup. Jenny gave him mustard. Mike and Jenny fixed hamburgers. 
Mike looks sad at the hotdog. Jenny looks angrily at Mike. Mike is not sure if he should eat the hotdog. 
Mike is sliding on the slide. Jenny is having fun playing with Mike. The airplane flies in the sky above. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the slide. An airplaine is flying past. Jenny pushed Mike down the slide. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is waiting her turn. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is running past the slide. There is a soccer ball in the grass. 
Mike likes to go down the slide. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. A jet plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike just went down the slide. Jenny is going to slide next. An airplane is coming from behind the cloud. 
An airplane is flying overhead. Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is climbing the stairs to the slide. 
Mike is at the bottom of the slide. Jenny is behind the slide. There is a plane in the sky. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. A bird is near jenny. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is playing on the slide  too. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. The dog is chasing the football. A helicopter is getting ready to land. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a Frisbee. A helicopter is flying overhead. There is a football  bat  and mitt nearby. 
Mike is playing with a freeze-be. Jenny is running near a glove. There's a foot-ball on the grass. 
The helicopter is flying above Mike. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny threw the Frisbee to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny play frisbee. Mike wants to play football or baseball. Jenny sees a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike is worried that he will not be able to catch the frisbee. Jenny just arrived at the park and is waving at her friend Mike. There is a baseball bat and a football for Mike and Jenny to play with when they finish with the frisbee. 
Mike and Jenny like to play together. Mike is holding the yellow disc. Jenny is waiting for Mike to throw the disc. 
Jenny jumping up to catch the frisbee. Jenny just threw the frisbee. There is a helicopter in the background 
The helicopter is flying over Jenny and Mike. Jenny is happy because Mike is happy. Mike and Jenny are playing with a Frisbee. 
Jenny is catching a disc. A helicopter is flying in the air. A football is on the ground. 
Jenny is standing on the swing. The sun is hidden behind a tree. Mike and Jenny are waving. 
Mike is angry about Jenny standing on the swing. "Jenny waves ""Hi"" as she stand on the swing." A hot air balloon flies in the air. 
Jenny stands on the swing. Mike's hat has a star on it. The dog likes the cat. 
An airplane is flying over the park. Mike is worried that Jenny will fall off the swing she is standing on. Mike is wearing a rainbow colored beanie. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is standing on top of the swings. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike sits on the ground Jenny is in front of Mike There's a plane above Mike 
Jenny is standing on the swing. Mike is jogging in place. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny stands on the swing. Mike has a colorful hat. The airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is standing on a swing. Mike has on blue sneakers. 
Jenny is standing on a swing. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. A dog is standing in front of Mike. 
A snake is scaring Jenny Mike is holding balloons A bear is growling at Mike and Jenny 
The snake is next to the bear. Mike is angry. The bear is scary. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike doesn't want to share his hot dog. The bear wants to eat the hot dog. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is angry with the bear. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
The helicopter is above the bear. The green snake is next to the bear. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is crying because Mike is mad. 
Mike is angry at the bear for scaring them. Jenny will rescue her snake from the bear. The bear has scared away the snake. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is mad at the bear. The bear stole the Frisbee. 
Jenny is afraid of the bear Mike wants to fight the bear Jenny is sitting under the sun 
The bear and snake scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. Mike is wearing a blue outfit. 
Mike is waving. The airplane is flying above. The dog and the cat sit by the tent. 
It is a bright sunny day. Mike is happy to be camping. The cat is not excited to be camping. 
Mike is petting the cat. The dog wants Mike to pet him. Mike is sitting near the tent. 
Mike made a campfire. The cat is sitting next to the campfire. Mike is camping in the park. 
Mike and Jenny say hello to the dog. Mike's dog followed him to the park. Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses Mike is playing with the Dog. Mike is near a tent. 
Mike is standing next to the tent. The cat is sitting next to the dog. The dog is standing next to the cat. 
Mike is proud of his tent. Mike is glad for a warm day. The orange cat watches Mike. 
Mike is standing next to a tent. There is a yellow sun in the sky. The brown dog is looking at the tree. 
Mike is standing in front of the tent. The cat is watching Mike wave. The sun is shining brightly. 
The owl is in the tree. There is a picnic table by the tree. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny and Mike are having fun today. Mike has a pink shovel and pail of sand. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is talking to Jenny. Jenny is sitting next to Mike. Mike is going to sleep in the tent. 
Mike and Jenny are camping. There is an owl in the tree. Mike and Jenny are near a tent. 
The owl is resting in the tree. Mike is telling Jenny a joke. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny and Mike are camping They have a big tent to sleep in Owl wonders if they have room for him 
Jenny and Mike are camping. Jenny and Mike put up a tent. An owl is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike have found a tent They plan a camping adventure The owl owns the tent but he wants to share 
Mike and Jenny are camping. Mike is laughing at the duck walking by. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the tent. 
Mike is sitting in front of the tent. Jenny is sitting on the grass. The owl is in the tree. 
There is a pizza on the table. Mike and Jenny are playing with a football. The picnic table is under the tree. 
Mike is catching the football. There is a helicopter in the sky. There is a pizza on the grass. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. A Pizza is on the ground. 
Jenny is kicking the football. There is a pie on the table. There is a pizza on the table. 
A large owl sits in the apple tree. Mike happily tosses a large football. A pizza sits next to a cherry pie. 
Jenny and Mike are playing football. Mike wants to catch the ball. The pizza is on the yellow table. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is happy to catch the ball. 
Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is kicking the football. There is berry pie on the picnic table. 
The pie is on the table. Jenny and Mike are running to the football. Mike is happy to play catch with Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is holding a pie. Mike wants to play catch with Jenny. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. A duck is standing beside Jenny. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Jenny waves hello to Mike. The blue duck is sitting by Mike. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. The duck's beak is on Jenny's hand. Jenny has a big on her face. 
Jenny is sitting by the duck. Mike is holding the hot dog. Mike is holding the tree. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny sees the duck. Mike is sitting next to a ball. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. A duckk is near jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are watching the duck. The owl is in the tree. The duck is watching Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
A rocket and a helicopter are in the sky. Rain is coming from the cloud. A duck is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very surprised. A duck is near jenny. 
Mike is running after the snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. The snake is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is chasing the snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. The pizza is on the table. 
Mike is trying to kick the snake. Jenny is crying because he pail of sand is so far away. The snake slithering across the grass minding his own business but has startled Mike and Jenny. 
The snake is beside the apple tree. Jenny is sad  and Mike is mad. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is trying to kick the snake Jenny is trying to hit the snake An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. The snake is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is kicking a snake. Jenny is being chased by a snake. A hot air balloon is floating above Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are worried by the snake. Jenny is sitting on the ground crying. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Jenny is sitting by the swing. The plane is flying over Jenny. 
Mike is trying to kick the snake. The snake is going toward Jenny. Jenny is afraid of the snake. 
Mike has an owl on his hat. Jenny is laughing at Mike. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is beside Mike Mike is wearing a viking helmet The sun is above Jenny 
Jenny is wearing a hat. There is an owl sitting in the grass. There is a kite in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing purple glasses. The owl is on Mike's cap. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is sitting down the slide. The owl is on the picnic table. Jenny is sitting by the picnic table. 
Jenny sits in the sandbox Mike is wearing a witch's hat The owl is above Mike 
Mike is wearing a hat. An owl is sitting on Mike. Jenny is laughing. 
Mike is wearing a hat. The owl is sitting on Mike's hat. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is not happy. Mike has a hat on his head. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. An owl is sitting by Mike. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. 
Mike is sitting on the swing. Jenny is sitting on the swing. The dog is standing by the swing. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging on the swings. Mike looks happy on the swing. Jenny is upset because it is about to rain. 
It is raining over the swing set. Mike is wearing purple glasses. There is a tennis ball at Mike's feet. 
Mike was on one of the swings. Jenny ran to get on the other swing. There wasn't a swing for the dog. 
Mike and Jenny are on the swings. There is a pie on the grill. The cat is on top of the swings. 
Mike and jenny are playing on top of the swings. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. There is a baseball and a tennis ball. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging. Mike is wearing a winter cap. It is raining over the swing set. 
A laughing Jenny runs towards Mike. A dog stands next to the swing set. A grey cloud drops rain behind the swings. 
Jenny is sitting on the swing. The dog is standing next to the tree. Mike is standing in the rain. 
Jenny is wearing a spinny hat There's a dog beside Jenny Mike is in front of Jenny 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is jumping over the bubble bee. The hot air ballon is red and yellow. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The kite is red  orange and green. Mike wants to play with the kite too. 
Jenny held the duck near the fire. Mike saw the snake on the grill. Jenny was getting warm next to the fire. 
Mike and Jenny wave hello to the person in the balloon. Mike and Jenny see a hot air balloon. Mike and Jenny were playing baseball. 
The owl is on Jenny's hand. Mike wants to owl to fly to him. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing hats. Mike is standing beside the tree. The sun is in the sky. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is kicking Mike. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. 
A rocket blasts off. The cat and snake eat a pizza. Lightning cracks in the distance. 
There's a basketball between Mike and Jenny Jenny sits beside a cat Mike sits below the sun 
Mike has a hot dog. A cat is near Jenny. Jenny is quite happy. 
The small sun shines above the large dog. The smiling dog looks intently at the baseball. Mike holds a baseball in his left hand. 
Mike plays fetch with his dog. Mike wears purple sunglasses. Mike likes to play with his dog. 
Mike is really happy. A dog is near a tree. Mike is playing with a base-ball. 
Mike is playing fetch with the dog. The dog is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is flying a colorful kite. 
Mike is playing with a dog. A ball is between Mike and the dog. An airplane is flying in the air. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is throwing the ball. The dog is catching the ball. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike threw a ball. The dog is watching the ball. 
Mike i very happy. Mike is playing freeze-be. A dog is Mike. 
Mike plays with the dog. Mike wears the baseball glove. Mike sees a snake near the mustard. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is throwing the frisbee. The dog is catching the frisbee. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is sliding down the slide. The dog is watching Jenny. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Mike wore his sunglasses today. The dog came to the park to play. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Mike is angry that Jenny is wearing his hat. The sky is cloudy. 
Jenny smiles and is happy to see Mike. Mike slides down and bumps into Jenny. A small dog stands next to Jenny. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. The snake is at the bottom of the slide. Jenny is cheering for Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a blue cap. Mike is mad at Jenny. Mike is playing on the slide. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing hats. Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is holding a cup. 
Jenny and Mike are next to the slide. Jenny waves at Mike. Mike waves back to Jenny. 
An airplane flies overhead. Mike goes down the slide. Jenny is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is holding some balloons. A thunderstorm is getting close. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny has four balloons. Mike is very mad. 
Mike is sitting in a sandbox. Jenny is holding baloons. Mike is sad because he wants the baloons. 
Mike is playing in the sand Jenny is wearing a baseball hat Jenny is holding balloons 
Jenny has balloons Mike is sitting in the sandbox Mike is angry that Jenny has balloons 
Mike angrily sits in the sandbox by himself. Jenny happily holds four balloons. A bear screams in terror looking at Jenny. 
Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny has balloons. The sun is shining. 
Jenny is holding balloons. Mike and the cat are in a sandbox. Mike looks mad at the cat. 
Mike is sitting in a sand-box. Jenny is playing with balloons. Mike is very mad. 
Jenny has all the balloons. Mike is in the sandbox. The tree has red apples. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is flying a kite. The dog is looking at the pie. 
Jenny has on purple sunglasses. The dog is looking at the pie. The kite is flying above. 
Jenny is flying a kite. A pie is on the table. The dog sees Jenny with the kite. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The dog wants the pie. Apples are growing on the tree. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The dog is standing by the table. There is a pie on the picnic table. 
Jenny has a kite. Mike is looking at Jenny. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The dog wants to sniff the pie. The owl watches Jenny fly the kite. 
Jenny is flying a kite. There dog is about to eat a pie. There is an apple tree near Jenny. 
The pie is sitting on the picnic table. The dog is at the park with Jenny. Jenny is flying her kite. 
It is a sunny day. The dog is looking at the pie on the table. Jenny is waving to the dog. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is near a fire. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very happy. Mike is near a fire. 
Mike is wearing glasses. Jenny threw the ball. Mike is running toward the fire. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very sad. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike sits next to the fire Jenny is sad Jenny threw the ball 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very happy. Mike has a beach-ball. 
Mike is playing with a beach ball. Jenny is looking at the camp fire. There is a burger on top of the table. 
Mike is hitting the ball to Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the fire. Jenny is crying and looking at the fire. 
Mike is showing Jenny the campfire. Jenny is tossing the beach ball. The beach ball is going into the campfire. 
Jenny throws a beach ball. There is a helicopter. The sun is shining. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike has a beanie on his head. 
Mike is wearing a colorful cap. Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. Jenny and Mike are afraid of the bear. 
Mike is scared of the bear! Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a snow cap. 
The bear is scaring Mike. Jenny is standing by the slide. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Jenny is not scared of bears. Mike wants to play baseball with the bear. The bear is very close to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. The bear made Jenny run away. A bear scared Jenny and Mike. 
The sun is shining today at the park. Jenny and Mike are scared of the bear. Jenny is running with a baseball. 
Mike is near a grill. A bear is near a grill. jenny is in front of mike. 
The bear is very small. Mike and Jenny are in the rain. The bear is in front of the tree. 
Mike is very surprised. Mike is near a bear. Jenny is not happy. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is kicking her leg. 
It has started to rain. Mike is raising his hands. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike fell on the ground. Jenny is mad it is raining. Apples grow on the tree. 
Jenny is wearing pink. Jenny is near a apple tree. Jenny is near a slide. 
Mike is not happy. Rain is falling from the cloud. Jenny is quite upset. 
Mike is near a beach-ball. jenny is near mike. Mike is near a bee toy. 
It is raining overhead. Mike sits with a baseball mitt. Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. 
Mike fell down in the grass. Jenny is angry because it started to rain. The apples on the tree are red. 
Mike is very sad. jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is sitting next to jenny. 
It is raining by Mike. Jenny looks angry in her witch's hat. A duck is standing to the side. 
Mike and Jenny are sad. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Mike is afraid of the plane. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. The rocketship is flying away. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. A rocket takes off overheard. 
Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. A rocketship is blasting off into space. 
Jenny is afraid the rocket might crash. Mike doesn't like to see Jenny sad. The rocketship is blasting off into space. 
A rocket blasted off. Mike is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is wearing a Viking helmet. 
Jenny is scared of the rocket ship. Mike wears a pointy hat. Jenny wants the red and gray hat. 
Mike has a pirate hat on. Jenny has a wizard hat on. A rocket is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are feeling sad. The rocket is taking off. They are sitting on the grass. 
The large pizza is on the table. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is running to get some pizza. 
Mike is holdng the burger. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is standing by the swing. 
Mike does not want a hamburger. Jenny likes to eat hotdogs. The hot-air balloon is passing by. 
Mike is eating his hotdog. Jenny is holding a hamburger. They are eating by the slide. 
Jenny is wearing a ball glove. Mike sees the cat. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny is surprised by the hot air balloon. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is holding a hot dog. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are setting under the tree. Mike and Jenny are happy. There is a balloon in the sky. 
Jenny is having a hamburger. Mike is having a hot dog. The hot air balloon is in the distance. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny has a hot dog. Jenny and Mike are happy camping. 
The hot air balloon is in the sky. There is food on the yellow picnic table. Mike and Jenny are smiling. 
Jenny fell on the ground. Mike is waiving to Jenny. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is mad she fell on the ground. Mike waves at the airplane. An airplane flies in the sky. 
Mike is waving to Jenny Jenny is angry that she fell off the table The plane is flying over Mike and Jenny 
The mustard is on the yellow table. Jenny is angry today. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny fell. Jenny is angry. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very mad. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is not happy. A cloud is in the sky. Mike has glasses on. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is happy but Jenny is mad. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is waving to Jenny Jenny is sitting next to the table Mike is standing next to the dog 
Jenny is sitting by the table. The hamburger is on the table. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
A rocket flies in the sky. Apples grow on the tree. Mike talks to Jenny. 
A cloud is covering the sun. Mike and Jenny are waving at a rocket. Mike and Jenny are sitting beside a tree. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is waving to the dog. There is a red rocket in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the slide. A rocket ship flies in the air. The bumble bee ride is next to them. 
Mike and Jenny are watching the rocketship. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny are both smiling. Mike is sitting near an apple tree. There is a rocket ship in the air. 
Jenny is waving to the duck. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The rocket has launched. 
Mike waves to a rocket going by. Jenny is waving at the rocket. A rocket is flying through the park. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. The shovel is in the sandbox. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
There is a rocket in the sky. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. There is a dog in front of Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is holding the racket. Jenny is holding the ball. Jenny is throwing the ball. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding the racket. The sun is starting to set. 
Mike hit the ball with the racket. Jenny is going to catch the ball. Mike and Jenny are in front of the tree. 
Jenny is holding the racket. Mike is holding the ball. Mike is standing by the duck. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is sitting holding a tennis ball. Mike is sitting holding a tennis racket. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball in the park. Mike has a tennis rackett. There is an airplane flying above. 
Mike holds a racket The sun is above Mike Jenny catches the tennis ball from Mike 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Mike is holding a tennis racket. The cat is standing by Mike. 
Jenny holds a racket Mike throws Jenny a tennis ball The sun is between Jenny and Mike 
Mike is playing tennis. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. The duck is beside the riding toy. 
Mike is giving Jenny a hot dog Jenny says they are a little burned Mike is wearing purple sunglasses because of the smoke 
Mike is wearing a chefs hat. Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny took Mike's hotdog. 
Mike has the mustard. Jenny has pretty ballons. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. The brown dog is in front of Mike. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is enjoying his hot dog. Jenny is standing by the apple tree. Mike is grilling outside. 
Mike is giving Jenny a hot dog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is holding a hotdog and mustard. Jenny is sad  but Mike is happy. Jenny is behind the picnic table. 
Jenny wants her Hot-dog. Mike is holding jenny's hot-dog. There is a dog in the grass. 
A barbecue is next to the table. Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike is holding a jar of mustard. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is sad because she wants the hot dog. A table is behind Mike and Jenny. 
It is raining on the tent. Mike and Jenny are beside the tent. The bear is beside the campfire. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the campfire. The campfire is in front of the tent. The bear is roaring at Jenny and Mike. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are angry at the bear. Mike is sitting by the camp fire. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is sitting by the fire. The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are angry at the bear. Mike is sitting by the camp fire. It is raining today. 
Mike and Jenny are angry at the bear. The bear is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are next to a fire. 
Jenny and Mike scare the brown bear. The bear runs from Mike and Jenny. Rain is coming from the cloud. 
Mike and Jenny are angry that it is raining. Mike is trying to kick the bear. Jenny does not want Mike to kick the bear. 
A bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. There is a tent on the ground. Jenny is sitting by the campfire. 
There is a campfire by the tent. The beach ball is beside the tent. The bear is by the tree. 
A hotdog is on the picnic table. There is mustard on the hotdog. Mike is holding a volleyball. 
Mike is shocked to see the lack of ketchup. A hotdog is sitting on the table. Jenny is nowhere to be found. 
Mike is throwing the soccer ball. Lunch is sitting on the table. There is a man in the balloon. 
Mike threw the basketball. The mustard is next to the hotdog. Mike wants to eat a hotdog with mustard. 
Jenny is happy with mike. Mike has a big smile. There is a hot-dog on a yellow table. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing the glove. The hot dog is sitting on the table. 
Mike got mad and threw the ball. The ball landed in the food. Mike is playing ball in the park. 
Mike kicked the basketball. The mustard is on the yellow table. No one is playing on the swing set. 
Mike threw the basketball. Mike will have a hotdog for lunch. There is mustard to put on the hotdog. 
Mike is kicking a ball. A helicopter is flying behind Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
There is a plane flying in the sky. Jenny is sad she lost her ball. Mike is about to get the ball for Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. There is a duck next to the football. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny and Mike are scared of the duck. Mr. Duck wants to help. Mike rolls the ball to Mr. Duck. 
The duck is looking at the ball. Mike wants the ball. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike dropped the soccer ball. Mike and Jenny are worried that the ball will hit the duck. The duck is in front of the ball. 
Jenny was trying to throw the ball to Mike. The ball hit the duck. Jenny is sad that she may have hurt the duck. 
Mike and Jenny are surprised. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The duck is beside the soccer ball. 
The blue duck takes the soccer ball. The hot-air balloon floats by. Jenny is jumping up and down. 
The duck is by the soccer ball. Jenny and Mike are yelling at the duck. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike and Jenny wants to get the ball away from the duck. Mike and Jenny are shocked the duck is playing with the soccer ball. Mike and Jenny want to play soccer with the duck. 
A duck is walking out of the tent. Mike and Jenny have built a tent on the grass. Mike is wearing a gold crown. 
Mike has a crown. Mike has a shovel. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing hats. Jenny and Mike are happy. A duck is standing between Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike is angry at the duck. Mike and Jenny are wearing funny hats. Jenny wants to pet the duck. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a silly hat. The duck is in the middle of Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is wearing a hat. The duck is between Mike and Jenny. 
The blue duck is following Jenny. Jenny's favorite hat is the whirlygig cap. Mike wants to take the blue duck home. 
Mike has a funny hat on. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is mad because he would like to play with the shovel and pail too. 
Jenny has a pirate hat. Mike has a colorful hat. The duck is beside the swings. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. A bucket of sand is sitting in between Mike and Jenny. A frisbee and baseball are sitting at the base of the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are going to hug. There is a sand pail between Mike and Jenny. The swing set is by the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Some fruit is on the tree. A balloon is in the sky. 
The bucket is next to Mike. Jenny and Mike are reaching for each other. There are apples on the tree. 
Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. The bucket is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is excited. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are holding hands. There is a sand pail between them. There is a baseball by the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are holding a pail. The pail is full of sand. Mike and Jenny are standing beside a table. 
Mike and Jenny are happy to share. Jenny brought her sand pail to the park. Mike and Jenny are playing in the woods. 
Mike and Jenny shake hands. Apples grow on the tree. An owl sits in the tree. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Mike is holding a hotdog An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny 
Jenny is crying because she wants the hot dog. Mike is sitting with the hot dog. A pie is on the picnic table. 
Jenny wants Mike to share the hotdog. Mike is angry at Jenny. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny grabs the green snake. Mike eats a hot dog. Mike wears a blue cap. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike likes wearing his viking hat. 
Mike is wearing glasses. Mike is holding a hot dog. The pie is on the table. 
Jenny was sad she didn't have a hotdog. Mike was sad he didn't have an two hotdogs. The yellow picnic table sat under the tree. 
Mike has on a witch hat. Jenny is sad that there is only one hot dog. Mike is angry that it has started to rain. 
An airplane is in the sky. Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is crying beside the picnic table. 
Mike won't give Jenny the hotdog. The dog is standing next to Jenny. The airplane is flying overhead. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The cat is on the picnic table. Jenny is waving her hand to Mike. 
The cat is sitting on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny have a campfire. The picnic table is yellow. 
The cat is on the picnic table. Mike is running angrily towards Jenny. Jenny is looking startled by Mike. 
There is a campfire on the table. Mike is scared for the cat. The cat is sitting next to the fire. 
A cat is on the picnic table. Jenny is standing beside the tree. Mike is standing beside the table. 
Mike sees the cat on the table. The cat sees Jenny. Jenny is smiling at the cat. 
The cat is on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are sitting to the sides of the table. There is a campfire by Mike. 
Jenny is sitting by the campfire. The cat is sitting on the picnic table. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. 
Jenny is sitting next to the fire. Mike is mad at the cat. The cat is sitting on the table. 
Mike is sitting on the table. Mike is holding a ball. Jenny is asking for the ball. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is standing at the grill with ketchup. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike is holding Ketchup. Jenny is holding an Owl. Mike and Jenny enjoying outdoors. 
Jenny is holding the owl. Mike is holding the ketchup. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
Jenny has an owl in her hand! Mike has chef hat on. The hot dogs are cooking on the grill. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is standing beside a campfire. 
Jenny is showing Mike the Owl. Mike is cooking on the grill. Jenny is watching Mike jump. 
Mike is very shock. Jenny is holding a owl. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny caught an owl. Mike has a bottle of ketchup. Mike is cooking hot dogs. 
Mike is very surprised. Mike is near a grill. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is very shocked. A owl is on jenny hand. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is holding the tennis ball to the dog. Mike is standing by the tree. A helicopter flies overhead. 
It is a sunny day. There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is throwing a tennis ball to the dog. 
Mike throws the dog the tennis ball The sun is above Mike Mike is in front of the dog 
Mike is playing with the dog. The sun is shining. The hot air balloon is behind the tree. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike is holding a tennis ball. A dog is standing beside the tree. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is near a dog. Mike is holding a two balls. 
Mike is holding two balls. A dog is standing by Mike. A helicopter is in the sky. 
Mike is playing at the park with the dog. Mike has a baseball and a tennis ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike shows the balls to the dog. The dog is looking at them. There are no clouds today. 
Mike is throwing the tennis ball. The dog is watching the ball. A helicopter is flying over. 
Jenny plays with a kite. Mike is worried about the slide. Jenny kicks her leg. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing sunglasses. An airplane is in the sky. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is sitting angrily in the sandbox. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is standing next to a dog. 
Jenny and Mike are fighting over a kite. Jenny doesn't want to share her kite. Mike has autism and doesn't understand why he can't play too. 
Mike wants the kite from Jenny An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny Jenny tries to walk on one leg 
A plane is flying in the sky. Mike is not happy about the plane. Jenny is flying a kite. 
Mike is standing next to the appletree Jenny is playing with her kite Jenny is sitting next to the fire 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is angry today. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very angry. jenny is near a kite. 
Mike is holding the snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike does not like the snake. Jenny is talking to Mike. There are apples on the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are holding a snake. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. Jenny is stainding under the apple tree. 
Jenny found Mike's lost snake. Mike was unhappy his snake had got lost. Jenny handed the snake over to Mike. 
Mike is holding the green snake. Jenny is afraid to pet the green snake. The green snake saw the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny pick up the green snake. The yellow table is under the tree. Mike is wearing a blue police hat. 
Jenny is holding a snake. Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is standing in a sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the snake. The soccer ball is on the ground. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike and Jenny are holding the snake. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is handing a snake to Jenny. Mike looks sad and Jenny looks surprised. The sandbox is under the apple tree. 
Mike is coming down the slide. Jenny is kicking Mike. A plane is flying over Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking Mike. Mike is going down the slide. The cat is looking at Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Mike wearing the hat. The cat is sitting on the grass. 
Mike slides down the pink slide. Jenny takes giant steps. Mike and Jenny see an orange cat. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting on the slide. The cat is sittting in the grass. 
Mike fell off of the bottom of the slide. Jenny is running to help Mike. The cat is behind the slide. 
Jenny is trying to kick Mike Mike is playing on the slide Jenny is wearing glasses 
Jenny is wearing a vikings hat. Jenny is playing with Mike. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is crying. Mike is sliding down the slide. The cat is orange. 
The cat is sitting in the grass Mike went down the slide Jenny is wearing a hat 
A duck slides down the pink slide. Jenny waves at a white duck. Mike wants to catch the white duck. 
Mike and Jenny wave to the duck Mike and Jenny sit under the hot air balloon Jenny is sitting next to the tree 
A goose is playing on the slide. Jenny will catch the goose coming down the slide. Mike is worried the goose will fall off the slide. 
Mike is playing fetch with a dog. There is a rocket above Jenny. The duck is sliding. 
A plane flies overhead. The duck is going down the slide. Mike and Jenny are watching the duck. 
The duck is going down the slide. Mike and Jenny think the duck is funny. Jenny is wearing glasses. 
There is a goose on the slide. Mike has on sun glasses. Jenny is surprised to see a goose. 
Jenny is jumping up and down. Mike has a hot dog. A duck is sliding down the slide. 
There is a duck on the slide! There is an airplane over head. Mike and Jenny are raising their hands. 
The duck goes down the slide. Jenny and Mike are smiling at the duck. Mike is standing at the swing set. 
Mike is sitting under the apple tree. Jenny is sitting by the tent. The airplane is flying high in the air. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is holding the burger. The bear is standing under the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Jenny is in front of the tent. Mike is in front of the apple tree. 
Mike is drinking a soda. Jenny and Mike are camping in the park. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Red apples grow on the tree. Mike sits under the apple tree. Jenny sits by the tent. 
The sun is in the sky. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. Jenny is sitting by the tent. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Mike is next to a big apple tree. Jenny is in front of the tent. 
Mike is near a tent. Mike is sitting near a fire. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is sitting by the tent. Mike is sitting by the tree. The sun is shinning in the park. 
Mike is mad because the owl has his sunglasses. Jenny is sitting in front of the tent. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny has a big smile. Jenny is near a yellow table. 
Mike and Jenny prepare for a picnic. The hot air balloon is floating in the air. Jenny is wearing her purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is standing by the table. Mike is standing by the table. The hot dog is on the table. 
It is a sunny day. There is a hamburger and a hot dog on the table. Jenny is by the swing set. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky. Mike is going to get the food. Jenny is smiling and kicking. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The hot dog is sitting on the table. The buger is sitting on the table. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. The burger is on the table. Mike is holding the hot dog. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. The burger is on the table. The hot dog is on the table. 
Jenny is kicking the air. Mike is offering Jenny food. Mike is standing by the table. 
Jenny is kicking the air. Mike is walking to the table. The dog is looking at the hot dog. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the frisbee. 
Jenny and Mike look mad at each other. Lightning is striking by Mike's shoulder. There is a bottle of ketchup by Mike's feet. 
Jenny is kicking a dog! Mike has some ketchup. A rocket is in the sky. 
Jenny is angry because it is lightning. Mike is waving hello to Jenny. Mike has on a grey and red hat. 
A rocket ship is flying in the sky. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny was afraid of the lighting. Mike wore a whirligig hat. The whirligig stopped working on Mike's hat. 
A lightening storm is starting. Jenny is telling Mike to stop playing. A rocket ship is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is sad because Mike took her hat. The rocket is in the sky. 
Mike is scared of the thunder. Mike is wearing a funny hat. The rocket is blasting off into the sky. 
Mike is wearing a hat with stripes. A small rocket is in the air. A bucket is in the sandbox. 
The duck surprised Jenny. The hamburger is on the table. It is cloudy today. 
Mike is behind the tree. Jenny is talking to the duck. There is a hamburger on the grill. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny has a hamburger. The duck is across from Jenny. 
Mike is sitting behind the tree. Jenny made a hamburger. The duck is standing nearby. 
The duck wants Jenny's burger. Mike is flying his kite. The duck is by Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike looks angry. Jenny is wearing glasses. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Jenny has a hamburger for lunch. There is ketchup for the hamburgers. 
Mike is under the picnic table. Jenny is holding a hamburger. The duck is standing beside Jenny. 
Jenny is giving a hamburger to the duck. The duck and Jenny are by the swingset. There is a ketchup bottle next to Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the hat. The burger is on the table. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is holding out a pizza. The helicopter is on the ground by the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is carrying a pizza. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate's hat. Mike is standing next to a helicopter. Mike is holding a pizza. 
The helicopter has landed near Mike. Mike is carrying a pizza. Jenny is wearing a pirate's hat. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a crown. The helicopter is near the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny see the helicopter land. Mike wears a yellow crown. Mike brings a pizza to share with Jenny. 
A helicopter is near the tree. Mike has a pirate hat on. Jenny is very happy. 
The helicopter landed near the tree. Mike is bringing Jenny some pizza. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is waving to Mike. The helicopter is next to the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a crown. Mike brought a pizza to share. 
Jenny is playing with a beach ball. A dog is near jenny. A apple tree is near jenny. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny kicked the ball to Mike. The dog wants to play ball. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. The brown dog is watching her play. Mike is having fun at the park today. 
Mike is wearing his favorite sunglasses. Jenny is afraid of the dog. Jenny is standing next to the beachball. 
The dog is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Mike is sad by the apple tree. 
Mike kicks the big ball. Jenny cannot catch the big ball. Mike is wearing black glasses. 
Jenny is catching the beachball. Mike is holding a tennis ball. Jenny is mad the dog wants the ball. 
Jenny kicks the beach ball. The dog watches Jenny. Jenny wears a pirate's hat. 
Jenny kicked the beach ball to the dog. The dog didn't know how to kick the beach ball. Jenny wanted the dog to play with her. 
Jenny is playing with a beach ball. The dog is watching Jenny. Jenny is wearing a pirate cap. 
The bear has a silly hat on. Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. There are four ballons floating in the sky. 
Jenny is sad because the ballons flew away. Mike is standing by the picnic table. There are ripe apples on the tree. 
A bear is near Mike! An owl is in the tree. Jenny is quite sad. 
Mike brought balloons to Jenny. The bear is behind Mike. Jenny is sitting on the table. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very sad. jenny is near a yellow table. 
Jenny is sad the ballons are flying away. Mike is angry at the bear. Jenny has a hotdog. 
Jenny is sitting on the the table. the bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike does not notice the bear behind him. Jenny is frightened because she sees the bear. Mike is losing his balloons. 
Jenny is crying at the picnic table. The bear is coming up behind Jenny. The balloons are floating by the tree. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a freeze-by. Jenny is sitting on a table. 
Jenny and Mike are sharing a pizza at the park. The cat is wearing a chef hat. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Mike and Jenny have two pies. Mike has a pizza pie. Jenny has an apple pie. 
Mike is holding up a pie. Jenny is offering Mike pizza. The cat is sitting under the tree. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is holding a pizza. The cat is in the sandbox. 
Jenny is taking the pizza to Mike. Mike is happy to eat pizza. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny has a pie. Mike has a pizza. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is holding a pie. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny likes the pizza. The cat sees the pizza. 
Mike as a pie to share with Jenny. Jenny has a big pizza to share. Mike and Jenny like a sunny day. 
Mike and Jenny are sharing a pie. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Mike's arms are in the air. An owl is sitting on the beach ball. Jenny wants to hold the owl. 
The owl is sitting on the beach ball. Jenny and Mike are sad they can't play with the ball. The camp fire is glowing brightly. 
The ball is between Jenny and Mike. An owl is sitting on top of a ball. Jenny was sad because the owl is on her ball. 
The owl is standing on the ball. Jenny is scared of the owl Jenny dropped her hotdog. 
Mike is sad because it has started to rain. Jenny wants to stay and play ball. The owl is sitting on the beach ball. 
There is a plane flying in the sky There is an owl on the ball Jenny and Mike are sad 
Jenny and Mike are sad. The owl has the ball. Jenny and Mike want the ball. 
There is one cloud in the sky. The owl is on top of the beach ball. Jenny is on the ground crying. 
Mike and Jenny are standing on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. The owl is standing on the beach ball. 
Jenny is talking to the owl. Mike is angry at the rainstorm. Jenny is wearing a cute blue hat. 
Mike is sad it started to rain. The bear wanted to play with Mike. Mike saw the spring toy and wanted to ride it. 
Mike is looking angrily at the bear. It is raining in the distance. A helicopter flies overhead. 
It is raining on the tree. There is a storm in the sky. A bear is scaring Mike. 
Mike is sitting drinking a soda It is starting to rain The bear growls at Mike 
Mike is sitting on the table. It is raining on the bear. Mike has a hotdog. 
Rain is falling from the sky. The bear snuck up on Mike. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is trying to scare a bear away! Mike is wearing a blue baseball hat with a white star. It is raining at the park today. 
Mike wore sunglasses to the park but now it's starting to rain A bear is scaring Mike Mike will have a hamburger for lunch. 
Mike is wearing a silly hat The bear is behind Mike The cloud is raining 
Mike and the bear are scared of rain. Mike is scared of the angry bear. Mike wears a blue cap. 
Mike is holding the pie. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. 
Mike has a chef hat on. Jenny is happy Mike is giving her a pie. The dog is happy at the park. 
Mike made a cherry pie for Jenny. Mike is wearing a chefs hat. Jenny is afraid Mike will drop the pie. 
Jenny has a tennis racket. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike has a cherry pie. 
Jenny runs to get the pie Mike is wearing a chef hat There's a duck between Mike and Jenny 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the pie. Jenny is standing by the slide. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Mike is wearing a cooking hat. Jenny is waving at Mike 
Mike has baked a pie for Jenny. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny is going to taste some pie. 
Mike brought Jenny a pie. Jenny is taking the pie from Mike. Jenny thanks Mike for the pie. 
Mike is sharing a pie with Jenny. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing football Jenny is standing next to the hotdog Jenny is standing under the hot air balloon 
Jenny and Mike are cooking a hot dog. Mike kicked the ball to Jenny. Jenny wants to catch the ball. 
A hotdog is ready on the grill. Jenny waves to Mike. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
Jenny threw the ball to Mike. Mike is surprised and can't catch the ball. Jenny is going to eat a hot dog. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. There is a hot dog on the grill. Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. 
Mike is tossing a ball Jenny is jumping for the ball A hotdog is grilling 
Jenny is throwing a ball to Mike. Lunch is cooking on the grill. The dog wants to eat the hot dog. 
Jenny is cooking a hotdog Mike is playing football. Jenny is waving at someone. 
Jenny throws the beach ball to Mike. A hot dog is on the grill. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike jumps in the air after tossing the football. Jenny throws her arm up to catch the football. Jenny and Mike play football while their hot dogs cook. 
A hot dog is cooking on the grill. Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Jenny has sunglasses on her head. The hamburger is on the ground. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is angry that she dropped the hamburger. The dog wants to eat the hamburger. The cat is next to the dog. 
Jenny dropped her hamburger. Jenny is upset her hamburger dropped on the grass. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
A hot dog is on the table. A hamburger is on the ground. Mike is surprised  and Jenny is sad. 
Jenny and Mike look worried. There is a picnic table between Jenny and Mike. There is a hamburger at Jenny's feet. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. The hamburger is on the ground. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Jenny is surprised by the bear. The bear is standing on the picnic table. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny dropped the hamburger. The dog wants the burger. 
Jenny tripped and dropped her hamburger. Jenny is sad she dropped her hamburger. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny dropped her hamburger. An airplane surprised Jenny. Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. 
Jenny and Mike will have a picnic. The owl is in the tree. The sun is shining brightly. 
Mike is holding a pizza. A hamburger is on the table. Jenny is jumping up in the air. 
Jenny is scared Mike has a hamburger Mike has a pizza 
Mike has balloons to share. Mike and Jenny share a pizza. Jenny is happy to see the sun. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is near a pizza. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike wants the hamburger. Jenny and mike are standing by the table. 
There is food on the table. Jenny wants some pizza. Mike wants a burger. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is standing by table. The burger is on the table. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a pizza. 
Jenny is standing by the table. The burger is on the table. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny has a new duck. Jenny has a new hat. Mike does not like ducks. 
Mike is not happy. Mike is near jenny. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Jenny is passing the basketball to Mike. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike frowns at Jenny. 
Jenny gives the basketball to Mike. Mike thinks the basketball will pop. Jenny wants to play ball. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Jenny hugs Mike Mike is standing under the cloud 
Jenny is going to tickle Mike. Mike is surrendering to Jenny in their game of tag. Jenny and Mike are having a picnic in the park. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike has sunglasses. Jenny has a beanie on. 
A hot dog is on the table. It is a sunny day. Jenny sits down with a Frisbee. 
Mike and Jenny have their arms up. Jenny has a hat on. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny wants the pink bucket. Mike is jumping high. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny were playing soccer. There is a hot air balloon in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a soccer ball. The slide is between Mike and the bear. Mike is scared. 
Jenny is mad at the bear. The bear is roaring at Mike and Jenny. Mike is startled by the bear. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. There is a soccer ball beside Jenny. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
The bear is wearing a red and gray cap. The soccer ball is in front of Jenny. Mike's cap has a white star on it. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is wearing the hat. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
A bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike kicked the soccer ball at the bear. The bear scared Jenny and made her cry. 
Jenny has scared the bear. Mike is pretending to be a bear. The soccer ball is between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is afraid of the pink bucket. A soccer ball rests between Jenny and Mike. Mike jumps next to the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny try to scare the bear. The bear is on the picnic table. Mike kicks the soccer ball at the bear. 
The bear scared Mike. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is wearing glasses. 
Mike is bouncing the basketball. Jenny is cheering for Mike. The bear wants to play basketball too. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. A bear is behind mike. A tree is near mike. 
The bear want Mike to throw the frisbee Mike wants to keep the frisbee clean The people in the balloon think the bear is going to eat Mike 
Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is sad because he dropped the basketball. The bear is behind Mike. 
An owl is in the tree. Mike is wearing a hat. The bear is growling at Mike. 
Mike has a soda-can. there is a owl on the table. There is a bear behing mike. 
The bear is growling at Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. The soccer ball is sitting beside Mike. 
Mike is sitting with a beach ball. Mike doesn't notice the bear behind him. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing his pirate hat. A bear wants to scare Mike. Mike doesn't see the bear. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike doesn't want the ball thrown to him. Mike is holding ketchup. 
Jenny worries the basketball will tip over the barbecue. Mike is mad Jenny threw the basketball at the barbecue. Mike was cooking hotdogs for lunch. 
Mike is mad because the ketchup is empty. Jenny swears she didn't use the last of it. There are burgers on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are grilling. Mike is mad Jenny is late. Mike throws the yellow ball. 
Mike is cooking food on the broiler. Jenny is throwing a ball at Mike. The sun is brightly shining behind. 
Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is throwing the ball. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is standing next to the pit. The ball is next to the ball. 
Mike is concentrating on the ball. Jenny is worried that Mike might not catch the ball. The owl is going to hit the ball. 
Mike dropped the ball. Mike is afraid the ball will fall on the grill. Jenny is sad that Mike will not throw her the ball. 
Mike is angry because he missed the ball. The ball is too close to the grill. Jenny throws the ball too far. 
Jenny and Mike are waving at each other. There is a snake in the sandbox. The sun is hiding behind the tree. 
Jenny loves waving to airplanes. There was a snake in the sandbox! Mike wants to talk to Jenny. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The plane is flying in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the sand box. 
There is a snake in the sandbox. There is an airplane in the sky. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
A big airplane is flying overhead. The snake is slithering in the sandbox. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike is very happy. jenny is very happy. mike is near a snake. 
The snake likes the sandbox. Jenny wants to play with the snake. Mike is waving at the plane. 
The snake is in the sandbox. Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is standing next to the tree. 
The snake is in the sandbox. Mike is waving at Jenny. Jenny is happy that Mike came to play with her. 
A snake is playing in the sandbox. Jenny thinks it is funny the snake is playing. Mike sees Jenny and waves hello to her. 
Mike sat on the bottom of the slide. Jenny ran over to the slide. The dog wanted Mike to pet him. 
Mike is on the slide. Jenny was running with a glass of soda. The sun was shining down on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is about to fall off slide. Jenny is wearing a chefs hat. Jenny is holding a tennis racquet. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is running towards the slide. A cloud is in front of the sun. 
Mike goes down the slide. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is afraid of Jenny. 
Mike is coming down the slide. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is running toward the slide. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike slides down the slide. Jenny wants to play with Mike. Mike waves to Jenny. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is holding the hot dog. 
Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is running towards Mike. It is a cloudy day. 
Jenny wants to play soccer. Jenny is sad because it is raining. Mike sees the orange cat. 
Mike is very upset. Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is very upset. 
It is raining in the park. Mike is holding the frisbee. Jenny is raising her hand. 
Jenny is sitting beside the soccer ball. The sun is behind a cloud. Mike dropped the frisbee. 
Jenny has a soccer ball. Mike is sad because he doesn't see Jenny. Mike is playing frisbee alone. 
Jenny wants Mike to play soccer with her. Mike wants to play with the disc. Mike is angry that Jenny will not play with him. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very angry. A dog is near jenny. 
The campfire is getting very hot. Jenny is standing next to the soccer ball. The white cloud is high in the sky. 
The soccer ball is on the ground. There is a pie on the swings. The cat is on the swings. 
A Frisbee and soccer ball are on the ground. Jenny is next to the tree. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
It is raining today. A pizza is on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are running. 
Mike is very mad. jenny is near  yellow table. Mike is near a pizza. 
Mike looks like he's in pain. Jenny is holding four balloons. It is raining now. 
It is raining on the pizza. There is a pizza on a picnic table. Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is sad to fall on the ground. Jenny is sad it is raining. Mike and Jenny share a pizza. 
Jenny is sad because it is raining. The pizza is on the table Jenny can't find her ball 
It is raining on the pizza. Jenny is feeling sad. Mike is sitting on the grass. 
Jenny is crying. Mike sits Indian style. The duck wants the pizza. 
Jenny is very angry. Jenny is standing near a sand-box. There is a pizza on a table. 
A pizza is on the table. Rain is falling from the sky. Jenny is by the table. 
Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny is waving at the rocket. Jenny and Mike are sitting on the ground. 
Mike has a baseball. Jenny is sad. A rocket ship flies in the sky. 
Jenny is sad that the rocket is leaving. Jenny is waving to the rocket. Mike is holding a baseball. 
Mike is sitting with a baseball. Mike is sitting by the picnic table. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Jenny is sad to drop the pizza. Mike wants to play baseball. Mike a cold drink. 
Mike is holding a base-ball. Jenny is not happy. mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny and Mike are sad. The duck is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is holding the baseball. Jenny does not want to play with Mike. Jenny is sad because her kite is stuck in the tree. 
A rocket is taking off. Mike is looking at a ball. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Jenny is waiving her hand. Mike is holding a baseball. There is a rocket in the sky. 
Mike saw the dog next to the sandbox. Mike was wearing his crown in the sandbox. The dog wanted to dig in the sandbox. 
Mike is in the sand-box. Mike is has a colorful hat on. There is a dog with a freeze-be. 
Mike is wearing a chef's hat. The dog is carrying a pie. Mike is happy because he has a Frisbee. 
Mike is in the sandbox. The dog is next to the frisbee. There is a beach ball in front of the sandbox. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. The dog watches Mike play in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a crown today. 
Mike is in the sandbox Mike is wearing sunglasses The dog brings Mike a frisbee 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox The dog is between Mike and Jenny Jenny has her hands out looking at Mike 
Mike is playing in a sandbox. A dog is watching Mike. Mike is wearing a crown. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. The dog is watching Mike. There is a tree by the sand box. 
An orange frisbee rests in the sandbox. Mike jumps in the sandbox. A large brown dog smiles at Mike. 
Mike does not want to share his pizza. Mike worries the dog will eat his pizza. Mike brought pizza for a picnic in the park. 
Jenny is flying a kite in the park. Mike brought a pizza to eat. Mike is angry at a dog in the park. 
The dog is going to eat the pizza. Mike is upset with Jenny. Jenny is confused. 
Mike and Jenny are upset at the dog. The dog has taken the pizza. The apple tree is above the pink slide. 
Mike is angry with Jenny. Jenny doesn't want the dog to have the pizza. Mike is wearing a grey snow cap. 
Mike is standing by the pit. Jenny is standing by the tree. The dog is standing by the pit. 
There's a pizza in the grass. A dog is near mike. Mike is near Jenny. 
Mike is holding a pizza. The dog is standing beside Jenny. Jenny is standing beside a campfire. 
Mike has pizza Mike won't let jenny have the pizza The dog wants the Pizza that Mike has 
The dog is in front of the pine tree The pizza is on the ground Jenny is waving to the dog 
Jenny is at the grill. Ketchup and mustard are on the table. Mike has a rain cloud above him. 
Mike and Jenny are making lunch. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Mike and Jenny are sad because their food isn't cooking. 
Mike and Jenny are having a cookout. Jenny burned the hot dogs. Mike is angry the food is ruined. 
Jenny has on a chef hat. The mustard and ketchup are on the table. The dog is watching Jenny cook. 
Jenny worries Mike will run into the barbecue. Mike is running toward the barbecue. Jenny is cooking hotdogs for lunch. 
Ketchup and mustard are on the table. Mike and Jenny are sad. A balloon is in the air. 
Jenny is making hotdogs on the barbecue. Mike's ball rolled away from him. Jenny wants Mike to get the ball. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sad because the meat is burnt. Mike is running to help Jenny cook. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is near a grill. There's three hot-dogs on a grill. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very sad. A cat is on the grill. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike has a drink and a pie. Jenny is happy  but Mike is sad. 
Mike is going to eat a pie. Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike can't catch the frisbee with his hands full. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is angry because Jenny will not play with him. 
Mike does not want to share his soda or pie. Jenny has a viking hat on her head. Jenny wants to play with Mike. 
Jenny is kicking the football. A pie is on the picnic table. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Mike angrily offers the pie to Jenny. Jenny laughs as she flies a colorful kite. The sun is partially blocked by a tree. 
Jennt is playing on the swing. Mike is holding a pie. The duck is walking in the grass. 
Mike is holding the pie. Jenny is running with the bat. The dog has on a blue collar. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is on the swings. Mike is holding a pie. 
Mike has a pie. Jenny is smiling at Mike. Jenny is in front of an apple tree. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is crying on the ground. The airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a viking helmet Mike is standing next to the swings Jenny released her balloons 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is sitting by the sandbox. The duck is next to Jenny. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is very sad Jenny is in the grass. 
Mike likes to play baseball. Jenny doesn't want to play baseball. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
The snake is beside the apple tree. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a baseball bat. 
Mike wants to play baseball with Jenny. Jenny fell down on the ground. Mike wants to help Jenny up from the ground. 
Mike had a bat and ball to play with. Mike asked Jenny to play baseball with him. Jenny fell down and hurt her knee. 
The plane is flying above Jenny. Mike is holding a bat. Mike and Jenny are sad. 
There is an airplane in the sky. Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny has a basketball. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is sad because the dog wants her hot dog. Jenny is holding the ketchup. 
The doggy is sniffing Jenny's hot dog. The duck is watching Jenny. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is holding a hotdog. The duck is standing beside Mike. 
The dog wants the hotdog. Jenny is letting the dog sniff the hotdog. The duck is walking across the park. 
The duck is standing next to Mike. Jenny is showing the hot dog to the brown dog. The table is yellow. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog and crying. The dog is looking at Jenny. The duck is on top of the spring rider. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike is waving at Jenny. The dog is beside Jenny. 
Jenny has a hotdog. Mike is standing by the duck. Jenny is smiling at the dog. 
Mike is standing by the table. Jenny is holding the hot dog. The dog is standng by Jenny. 
Jenny worries the dog will eat her hot dog. Mike brought Jenny a bunch of balloons. Jenny is eating her hot dog in the grass. 
The cat is next to Jenny. The bear surprised Mike & Jenny. Mike & Jenny yell for help. 
Mike is jumping in the air. The bear is next to the apple tree. Jenny is watching Mike jump. 
A bear is trying to scare Jenny. Jenny is smiling. Mike is copying the bear. 
Mike is happy. Jenny is wearing a crown Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
Mike raises his hands in the air. The hot air ballon is in the air. Jenny sits on the grass. 
Mike is near a tree. Jenny is near a bear. A apple tree is near jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Mike and the bear are angry at Jenny. Jenny is sitting under the cloud. 
Mike is standing next to the bear Mike is wearing a baseball cap Jenny is siting down next to a tree 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is afraid of the dog. The dog is looking at a football. 
Mike tells Jenny about the apple tree Mike is wearing a baseball hat Jenny is sitting next to Mike 
The owl is on the slide. Jenny wants to slide. The cat is by Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are excited to be at the park. A cat and duck are at the park. A hot-air balloon is flying near the park. 
It is raining on the slide. Jenny is kicking at a dog. Mike is sitting near Jenny. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike wants to play on the slide. Jenny is very angry. Mike is wearing a red and gray hat. 
Mike is jumping up. Jenny is next to the table. Mike wants to use the slide. 
Jenny is mad and running away. The owl is watching Mike and Jenny from the tree. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
Jenny just went down the slide Mike is having fun watching Jenny slide Jenny is wearing a silly hat 
Jenny kicks the ball past the slide. Mike runs after the ball. Jenny and Mike play with a beach ball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the slide. Mike is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is very angry. Mike is very surprised. A bear is near jenny. 
A bear tried to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny kicked the bear. Mike is yelling at the bear. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses and a hat. The bear is roaring at Jenny. The cat is standing behind the bear. 
Jenny is very sad. jenny is near a bear. Mike is behind a brown bear. 
The owl is in the tree. The balloon is flying in the air. Mike is sitting by the tree. 
Four balloons are next to the table. Jenny sees the bear. A bottle of mustard is beside the hotdog. 
Jenny is wearing a rainbow hat. The bear is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is kicking the bear. 
It is a sunny day. There is a pizza and a pie on the table. Mike and Jenny are waving to each other. 
The pie is baking on the grill. Mike is sitting on the table. The dog is standing next to the table. 
There is a soccer ball on a yellow table. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. Jenny is chasing a frisbee. 
Mike is very mad. Jenny has a foot-ball in her hand. Mike is near a dog. 
Jenny is throwing the ball at Mike. Mike is mad at Jenny. The cat and dog watch Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is holding the ball. The water is under the tree. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch. Jenny is worried the dog will bite the cat. Mike wants Jenny to throw the baseball. 
Mike wants the baseball. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny tosses the ball to Mike. Jenny is under the apple tree. A dog looks at Mike. 
Jenny is going to throw the ball at Mike. Jenny and Mike are upset. Jenny is sitting near the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing a winter hat. Jenny is sitting next to the dog. Jenny has a football. 
Mike was teasing Jenny that she threw ball like a girl. Jenny was crying because she didnt like the hat Mike was wearing. Jenny didnt want to share her ball with Mike because he was being mean. 
Mike is very angry. Mike is near a tree. jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny likes to swing high. Mike loves hotdogs. The dog wanted a bite of hotdog. 
Jenny is on the swing. Mike has a hat on. Mike has a hot dog. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is in a swing set. Mike is holding a hot-dog. 
Jenny is having fun on the swing. The dog is watching Jenny. Mike is eating a hotdog at the park. 
Jenny swings on the swing. Mike eats a hot dog. The dog smells Jenny's foot. 
Jenny is sitting on the swing. Mike is holding the hot dog. The dog is standing next to the swing. 
Mike is happily eating his hotdog. Jenny is happy swinging on the swing set. A large sun shines above the brown dog. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is eating a hot dog. 
Jenny is on the swings. Mike is eating a hot dog. Mike is sitting by the apple tree. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is sitting in a swing-set. 
Jenny is angry at the rain. Mike is smiling at the dog. Mike is standing near the tent. 
Mike is holdng the ball. Jenny is standing by the tent. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. A dog is standing in front of Mike. Rain is coming from a cloud. 
Jenny is very mad. Mike is playing with a dog. Jenny is near a fire. 
The dog walked over to Mike. It is beginning to rain. Jenny is very upset. 
Mike is standing by the dog. Jenny is sitting by the fire. The dog is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is looking angrily at Mike and the dog. There is one small rain cloud in the sky. Mike is standing with the dog. 
Jenny is kicking by the grill. Mike is waving and smiling. The dog is next to Mike. 
Jenny is standing by the fire. The dog is standing by Mike. It is raining in the park. 
Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike is wearing the hat. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike went down the slide. Jenny is holding the balloons. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike fell off the slide Jenny wants to tie the cat to the balloons Mike want Jenny to help hin 
Mike is sitting at the top of slide. Jenny is holding the balloons. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny is holding many balloons. Mike is sitting by the slide. Mike is wearing a funny hat. 
Mike is sitting beside the sliding board. Jenny has colorful balloons. The cat belongs to Jenny. 
Mike is sitting beside the slide. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. Jenny has four balloons. 
Mike is very shocked. Jenny is very happty. Jenny is near a cat. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Mike is at the end of the slide. Jenny has four ballons. The orange cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny is holding colorful balloons. The cat wants to play with the balloons. Mike is sitting next to the slide. 
Mike wears a spinny hat Jenny is wearing sunglasses Mike sits in front of a tree 
Jenny is afraid of the dog. Mike wants to play football. The airplane is flying over Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground talking. There is a balloon in the sky. Nobody is playing on the slide. 
The sun is behind the tree. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. A dog is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
The hot air balloon is in the sky. Jenny has on nice sunglasses. There is a frisbee by the tree. 
A plane is in the sky. Jenny talks to Mike. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing blue. 
Jenny has some mustard. Mike has a pirate hat on. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing a purple hat. 
A cloud is covering the sun. Mike and Jenny sit on the ground. Mike and Jenny are smiling at each other. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Mike's snake is chasing Jenny. Mike is throwing the frisbee. 
A snake is following Jenny. Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is sad  and Mike is angry. 
The cat is under the picnic table. The snake is chasing Jenny. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. The snake is chasing Mike. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Jenny is running from the green snake. Mike is sitting on the ground. The snake is chasing Jenny. 
The snake is chasing Jenny. Jenny's hat has a propeller like the helicopter. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
The snake is chasing Jenny. Mike wants to play with Jenny. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is sitting on the grass. Mike sees the snake. 
Jenny is running from the snake. The helicopter is flying. Mike is sitting on the grass. 
Jenny wants the dog to give back her sunglasses The dog want Mike to thow the ball Mike is looking up Jenny's dress 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny is sitting on the table. 
Jenny sits on the yellow picnic table. Mike plays with the dog. Jenny wears a pointy hat. 
Jenny is sitting on the table. Mike is petting the dog. Mike is happy  but Jenny is mad. 
Jenny is angry because Mike has the Frisbee. Mike is sitting next to the dog. Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The dog is standing by Mike. Jenny is sitting on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Mike is petting the dog. Jenny is angry  but Mike is happy. 
Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. Mike has a star on his hat. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
Mike is sad because Jenny is mad at him. Jenny is sitting by the picnic table. The airplane is flying very low. 
Jenny is sitting on the table. The table is next to the tree. The dog is in front of Mike. 
Jenny let go of the balloons. Mike watched the cat take off. Jenny and Mike saw the pizza. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is jumping in the air. Jenny is standing by the fire. 
Jenny's hat has many colors. Mike is standing next to the tree. Mike is holding a red bottle. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is holdingthe water The duck is standing by the tree. 
Jenny isstanding next to the fire. Mike is jumping in the air. The pie is sitting in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are at a camp out. Jenny has a pizza for them to eat. Jenny has a colorful hat on. 
Mike and Jenny share a hamburger for lunch. Jenny wears a red and gray hat. Mike wears sunglasses to keep his eyes safe. 
A large cloud hangs above the small dog. Mike angrily stands in front of a tree. Jenny is wearing purple tinted sunglasses. 
Mike is eating a very large hot dog. The dog is floating away on a balloon. The bear is jumping into the air. 
The bear has all the food. Everybody is wearing silly hats. Mike and Jenny are not happy. 
Mike is standing in the sandbox Mike is sitting next to the cat Mike is sitting under the sun 
Mike is sitting in the sand box The cat is next to >ike The football is outside of the sand box 
The cat is in the sandbox. The dog is next to the football. Mike is in the sandbox. 
It is raining. Mike is sad. A cat is sitting on the sandbox. 
Mike and the cat are in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a hat. The campfire is beside the sandbox. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. The cat is sitting in the sand box. The cloud is in the sky. 
There is fire by the tent. Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is sitting in the sand box. 
Mike is in the sandbox. The cat sits with its back to Mike. The pail is full of sand. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The slide is beside the sandbox. The cat is near Mike. 
Mike is in the sandbox. The cat is orange and brown. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike is kicking a football. Jenny wants to catch the football. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is kicking a football to Jenny. The cat is looking at the football. Jenny is about to catch the football. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very surprised. Mike is playing football. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is very happy. Jenny is surprised. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. There is a dog near Jenny. Mike kicked the football to Jenny. 
Jenny throws the football to Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses. A plane in flying in the sky. 
Mike's baseball cap is on wrong. Jenny is trying to catch the football. It is a cloudy day at the park today. 
Mike kicked the football. Jenny is afraid she can not catch the football. The airplane is landing in the grass. 
Mike kicked the football. Jenny is afraid she will not catch the football. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike is angry with Jenny. Jenny has two balls near her. Mike throws the tennis ball behind him. 
Mike is kicking the ball. The water is sitting in the grass. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike has three balls. Jenny has no balls. Jenny is upset. 
Jenny has two balls. Mike has one ball. Jenny looks happy. 
A bear is behind Mike. Mike and Jenny have three balls. Mike is flying a toy rocket. 
An owl is in the tree. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing with three balls. 
Mike is afraid of the basketball. Jenny has two balls near her. The dog watches Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are happy to see each other. Mike and Jenny have three different balls to play with. The sun is hiding behind the cloud. 
The hot air balloon is in the sky. The soccer ball is under the tree. The basketball is under the picnic table. 
Jenny has two balls. Mike only has one ball. Jenny wants to play soccer. 
Mike kicked the ball hard. The ball hit Jenny hard. The dog is away from Jenny. 
Mike is kicking the ball. The cat is sitting under the tree. Jenny is waving her arms. 
Mike looks scared of the bear. The ball is in the air. The bear sees Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny fell on the ground. Mike kicked the ball at Jenny. The jet is flying in the sky. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny Jenny tries to catch the soccer ball Mike is standing next to the beach ball 
Jenny is wearing a red and grey hat. Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is mad. 
Jenny and Mike like soccer. The dog loves playing at the park. Mike wore his viking hat today. 
Jenny threw the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a funny hat. Mike is standing under the sun. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny was mad she didn't want to play soccer. Mike put up his tent near the grill. 
Jenny and Mike play soccer. Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike talks to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny see the hamburger. The hamburger is on the picnic table. The mustard is beside the hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are running Mike and Jenny are next to the sandbox Jenny is happy to see the hamburger 
Mike and Jenny are running. Mike and Jenny are happy to eat the cheeseburger. The cheeseburger is on the picnic table. 
mike is wearing a baseball hat there are sunglasses on the table jenny is running and smiling 
Two hot dogs are on the grill. Mike and Jenny are running towards the food. A burger and mustard are on the table. 
Jenny is standing by the table. Mike is standing by the tree. The burger is on the table. 
A hamburger and mustard are on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are running to the picnic table. Jenny is by the tree behind Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are running to the picnic table. Mike and Jenny will eat hamburgers. A bottle of mustard sits on the table. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. jenny is wearing pink. 
The owl is on Jenny's head. Mike has a bottle of mustard. The riding toy is beside the table. 
Mke is standing by the tent. Jenny is running in the park. It is raining in the park. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is running to Mike. The airplane is flying over Mike and Jenny. 
Mike sees Jenny and waves hi. An airplane flies near the park. The dog wants to play with Mike and Jenny. 
Mike has sunglasses. Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is standing by the dog. 
The dog is beside the table. Jenny is surprised because of the dog. There are apples on the tree. 
Mike has on a cap. Mike has on a pair of sunglasses. The dog is in front of the tree. 
Mike is standing next to the dog Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is running towards Mike 
Jenny is very happy. Mike has a big smile on his face. jenny is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is feeling sad. Mike is wearing a wizard's hat 
Mike is waving hello. Jenny is angry with Mike. Mike took Jenny's hat. 
Jenny holds pizza out to Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is standing by the swing set. 
Jenny made a pepperoni pizza. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. Jenny is wearing a gold crown. 
Jenny made a pizza. Mike just went down the slide. The dog is looking at the pizza. 
The pizza is on the table. Jenny wants Mike to get her some pizza. The ketchup is on the table. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing black shades. Mike is holding a pizza.`` 
The cat is sitting on the table. Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Mike is holding a pizza. 
Jenny brought a big pizza for lunch. Mike is happy Jenny brought a pizza to eat. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Mike is eating a big pizza. Jenny is throwing a ball at Mike. The cat sits next to Jenny. 
Jenny is eating a pizza. Mike is grilling hot dogs. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. Jenny is standing beside the grill. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike wants to throw the big ball. Jenny want to catch a small ball. Jenny is wearing a baseball glove. 
Jenny has glasses on. Mike is holding a beach ball. Lightning is coming down from the sky. 
Jenny wants the beach ball. Mike has a beach ball to share. Jenny brought a pie to share. 
Mike is holding a beach ball. Mike and Jenny are angry. The picnic table is beside the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are angry. A sandbox is between two trees. Mike is holding a beach ball. 
Mike has a ball. Jenny is mad because she wants the ball. There is a plane in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are angry at each other. Mike has the ball. Mike and Jenny are wearing funny hats. 
Jenny wants the beachball from mike Mike is in front of Jenny Jenny is behind the tree 
The sun is shining bright. Mike is throwing Jenny the ball. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Jenny and Mike are angry. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. Mike wants Jenny to jump off the swing. Jenny wore her beanie hat to the park today. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses Mike is wearing a baseball cap Jenny is playing on the swings 
Jenny is swinging. Mike is having a snack. Mike and Jenny are having fun. 
Jenny swings on the swing set wearing a colorful hat. Mike throws his hands in the air wearing purple sunglasses. The cat sits near the swingset and watches Mike and Jenny play. 
Jenny is swinging. The cat is sitting next to mike. There are two different balls on the ground. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is swinging on the swing set. 
Jenny is singing on the swingset. Mike is happy to see Jenny at the park. The hot air ballon is high in the sky. 
The girl is on the swing. The boy is holding ketchup. The boy is wearing a viking helmet. 
Jenny is on the swing. Mike is looking at Jenny. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Jenny is in a swing set. mike is near jenny. Mike is very happy. 
Jenny has sunglasses on. A balloon is in the air. A hot dog is on the table. 
Mike throws the disc too hard. Jenny is sad because the disc hurt her head. The sun is behind the cloud. 
Mike threw the Frisbee to Jenny. Jenny ran away from the Frisbee. Mike and Jenny are mad at each other. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is flying the frisbee. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Mike is throwing the Frisbee. Jenny is running for the Frisbee. The jet is loud. 
Mike and Jenny both look angry. Jenny is throwing a frisbie. Mike is waiting to catch the frisbie. 
Mike is very mad. Jenny is very upset. A freeze-be is in the air. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny and Mike are angry. Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. 
The Frisbee is in front of Jenny's head. Jenny is sad. Mike is angry. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are having a cookout. Jenny is trying to keep the duck away. Mike looks hungry for the hamburger. 
A large cloud hangs above the duck. Jenny is sad because of her hamburger. Mike laughs as he waves to Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the grass. Mike is standing up. The duck is looking at Jenny. 
Jenny held the hamburger away from the duck. Mike wanted Jenny to throw him the hamburger. The duck saw hotdogs on the grill. 
Mike is drinking a soda. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is trying to keep her hamburger away from the duck. 
Jenny has a hamburger. Mike sees the duck. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger and crying. The duck is between Jenny and Mike. Mike is sitting cross-legged on the ground. 
The duck waddles by. Jenny and Mike are having lunch in the park. Jenny is sad she has a hamburger. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny is sad because there is only one hamburger. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
The dog is running away. The duck wants Jenny's hamburger. Jenny is bringing a hamburger to Mike. 
Jenny is showing Mike the bear. Mike is angry at the bear. The bear is ruining Mike's picnic. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. Mike is angry that the bear scared them. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting in the sandbox. The bear is beside the apple tree. The ball is behind the sandbox. 
The bear is roaring at Mike and Jenny. Mike is mad at the bear. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. 
Jenny is scared by the bear. Mike tries to scare away the bear. Mike and Jenny play in the sandbox. 
There's a bear behind Jenny Mike sits in a sandbox There's a pink pale between Jenny and Mike 
A bear is in the park! Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny has a crown on. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing in the sand box. Jenny has a shovel to play with. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. Mike is angry at the bear. Jenny has on round sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny play in the sandbox. A bear scares Mike and Jenny. Mike is mad at the bear for scaring Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike don't see the snake behind them. Jenny and Mike sit at the bottom of the slide. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Mike is going down the slide. Jenny went down the slide. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike slides down the slide. Mike wears a blue cap. Jenny wears a colorful cap. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is sitting in front of Mike. Jenny looks scared of the snake. 
A cat sits by the bumblebee ride. A grey cloud floats above the pink slide. Mike and Jenny both fall off the slide. 
Mike is sitting on a slide. jenny is in the grass. Jenny is very shocked. 
The sound of the helicopter scared Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing his black sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are sitting at the bottom of the slide. 
Mr. Dog is cool in sunglasses. Mike bumps into Jenny. Jenny is surprised by Mr. Dog. 
Jenny is very surprised. Jenny is near a sand-box. Mike is very shock. 
jenny is sitting next to mike. Mike is very surprised. A cat has a tennis ball. 
Mike and Jenny are standing on a table. A hot air balloon is behind a cloud. Mike and Jenny are in front of a tree. 
Mike is jumping high in the air. Jenny has on pretty purple glasses. The tennis ball is smaller than the baseball. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike is scared. Jenny yells at Mike. The football fell off the table. 
The goose is going in the tent. The goose might eat the hotdog. A helicopter is flying over the park. 
The duck is standing by the pie. Jenny and Mike are waving to the duck. The snake is in the hot-air balloon. 
Mike sings and waves his arms. Jenny wears sunglasses. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike scared of the dog. Jenny is happy to see a dog The dog wants to play. 
Mike is wearing a funny hat. Jenny is jumping off the ground. Mike is scared of something. 
Mike looks startled towards Jenny. Jenny is waving her arms. The cat is by Mike. 
The bear is trying to scare the cat. There is a soccer ball near the bear. There is no one playing in the sandbox today. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. The bear has a crown. The cat is beside the tent. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. The bear is scaring the cat. It is sunny at the park. 
The bear tries to scare the cat. The bear stole Mike's pirate hat. The cat is not scared of the bear. 
The bear is wearing a hat. The bear is growling at a cat. There is a bonfire behind the cat. 
The bear is angry at the cat. The cat is scared. It is bright outside  so the bear is wearing sunglasses. 
A hot air balloon is floating by. An orange cat is sitting on a bee toy. A bear is wearing sunglasses. 
The bear is trying to scare the cat. The cat is sitting in front of the tent. Today is a cloudy day. 
The bear is wearing the sun glasses. The cat is sitting bythe tree. The bear is scaring the cat. 
There is mustard in the grass. There is a near near the cat. A orange cat is sitting near a  ear. 
Jenny will catch the beach ball. Mike threw the beach ball to Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing catch. 
There is a plane in the sky. A duck is sitting in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are playing catch. 
The airplane is in the sky. The duck is in the sandbox. Mike has the beach ball. 
Jenny likes beach ball. Mike is having fun in the park. Jenny is thinking of vacation. 
Jenny and Mike are hitting a beach ball. The noise from the plane scared them. Mike and Jenny do not see the duck. 
Mike wants the beach ball. Jenny is holding a beach ball. An airplane is flying above Mike and Jenny. 
The duck plays in the sandbox. Jenny is playing with a colorful beach ball. Mike waves to Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy with Mike. A duck is in a sand-box. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. The duck is in the sandbox. Jenny and Mike are smiling. 
Mike throws Jenny the Beachball There's a plane behind Jenny Mike is in front of the duck 
Mike likes pizza for lunch. Jenny is waving at Mike. The frisbee is in the air. 
Mike and Jenny play Frisbee in the sun Mike and Jenny have pizza Mike is standing next to the tree 
Jenny and Mike are wearing sunglasses. A pizza is on the table. A dog is standing by the table. 
There is a pizza on the table. Jenny is happy because she likes pizza. Mike has a Frisbee. 
Jenny is holding a frisbee. There is a pizza on the picnic table. Mike is sitting under the tree. 
The pizza is on the table. Jenny is catching the frisbee. Mike is throwing the frisbee. 
Mike is playing with a freeze-be. Jenny is very excited. There's a pizza on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee Jenny is standing next to the table Jenny is standing next to the dog 
Mike and Jenny tossed a Frisbee. The pizza was on the table behind Mike. Jenny was hungry for pizza. 
Jenny is throwing the Frisbee to Mike. The pizza is on the picnic table. Mike is catching the Frisbee. 
Mike is wearing glasses. Mike wants to pet the brown dog. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Today is a sunny day. There is a football next to the glove. 
Mike is kicking the goggles. The dog is beside Mike. The football is on the ground. 
Mike happily runs in front of the table. The sun shines brightly above the pink slide. Jenny reaches for an apple from the tree. 
Mike flies a kite in the warm wind. Jenny is happy to see her friend Mike. Mike wears sunglasses to keep his eyes safe. 
Mike is wearing purple shades. Jenny is very shock. A cat is near jenny. 
The tree has five red apples. Jenny didn't want Mike to take the soccer ball away. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. A fire is burning in front of Mike. Jenny is scared of the fire. 
Jenny is holding the racket. Mike is holding the hot dog. Mike is wearing the sun glasses. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The cloud is in front of the sun. 
Mike is playing tennis. Jenny is holding a shovel. Mike is beside the apple tree. 
Mike is holding a tennis racquet Jenny is holding a shovel Jenny is standing next to a tree 
Jenny is holding a bucket and a shovel. Jenny is standing in the sandbox. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
Jenny has a pink shovel. Mike has a racquet. There is a duck on the bee. 
Mike is holding a tennis racket. Jenny is inside the sandbox. The beach ball is next to the sandbox. 
Jenny has a shovel. Mike has a tennis racket. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny is holding a shovel. Mike is holding a racket. Jenny is in front of the big tree. 
Jenny is holding the shovel. Mike is holding the racket. Jenny is standing next to the tree. 
Mike is worried about the storm. Mike has a tennis racket. Jenny has a shovel to play in the sand box. 
Jenny wants to dig in the sand Mike wants to play tennis Jenny says they can do both if they take turns 
Jenny is running away from Mike. Jenny is angry at Mike. It is raining nearby. 
The rain is falling down. Mike threw a soccer ball. Jenny is not happy. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer at the park. Mike is autistic and enjoys the falling rain because it provides him sensory input. Jenny does not like the rain  she is running home. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. It is raining at the park today. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
A volleyball and football is on the ground. Rain is falling from the cloud. Jenny is running away mad. 
Jenny and Mike are mad that its raining while they are playing outside. Mike is mad at Jenny for leaving the park when it started to rain. Jenny is upset and running away before she gets wet from the rain. 
The cat is sitting on Jenny's head. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Rain is falling on Mike's head. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is angry because it is raining. Mike is by the big tree. 
Jenny runs in the rain. Mike plays with a soccer ball beside a pine tree. The rain makes Jenny upset. 
Jenny is running away from the rain. Mike has a soccer ball. It is cloudy and raining. 
Mike jumps high in the air. The bear likes the warm sun. Jenny flies a kite. 
Mike is happy today. The bear said hi to Mike. There is a shovel in the grass. 
The bearing is trying to scare Mike. Mike is wearing a cap. There is a ball next to the tree. 
MIke has his hands in the air The bear has his hands in the air The dog is standing in front of Mike 
Mike has a soccer ball. Mike and Bear are both excited. The sun is shining on Mike and Bear. 
Mike and a bear waving theirs hands to each other Mike is standing on a tree A Brown bear is standing next to the sand box. 
Mike is wearing a knitted cap. The bear is standing next to Mike. Mike is jumping in the air. 
Mike is wearing a crown. A dog is standing in front of Mike. A bear is standing behind a beach ball. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny wore her sunglasses today. Mike is copying the bear. 
Mike and the bear are having a party. The bear is wearing funky sun glasses. Mike's hat is floating on his head. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is holding a kite. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Jenny is flying a kite. The tree is full of apples. 
Jenny is flying a kite. There is a hamburger on the grill. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is running Mike is holding the balloons. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny and Mike are holding hands. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny fly a kite. An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The dog is watching Jenny. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. 
Mike has a baseball cap with a white star on. Jenny is flying a kite. The sun is high in the sky. 
Mike is holding Jenny's hand. Jenny is flying a kite. An airplane flies overhead. 
Jenny looks scared of the green snake. Mike is holding a hot dog. An owl is in the tree. 
The green snaked scared Jenny. Mike had a hotdog. Jenny wanted a hotdog too. 
A brown owl is in the tree. Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny sees a snake. An owl is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike eats a hot dog. Jenny talks to Mike. An owl sits in the tree. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Jenny is feeling sad. An owl is in the tree. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny made a pie to eat. The owl is wearing a hat. 
The owl is sitting on top of the tree. Jenny is sitting on the grass. Mike has a hotdog. 
Mike is very has a hot-dog. Jenny is very surprised. Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. An owl is in the tree. Jenny is sitting by a snake. 
Jenny is calling the dog over. The plane is flying above the dog. Jenny is standing near the tree. 
The plane is flying over Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is calling the dog to her. 
Jenny wants to play with the dog. The dog came to the park to play. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands Jenny is afraid they will get in trouble The dog doesn't have hands 
Jenny is calling the dog to her. The plane is flying under the cloud. Jenny is happy that there is a dog. 
Jenny sees and airplane landing. The duck wears a chef's hat. Jenny is happy for a sunny day. 
Jenny and the dog are playing ball. The airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny is happy and smiling. 
Jenny wants to play with the dog. The brown dog is happy to see Jenny. The plane is near the cloud. 
Jenny is standing by the sand box. The ball is in the sand box. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
The dog is looking at Jenny. Jenny is wearing a hat and sunglasses. The airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is feeling sad. Mike is wearing a baseball mit. It looks like it is going to rain. 
Mike and Jenny are worried about the storm. Mike and Jenny are getting ready to go home. Mike has his baseball mitt on. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park. Mike has Autism and doesn't understand why Jenny has a mad face. Jenny is mad because a thunderstorm is ruining playtime. 
The lighting made Jenny mad. Mike threw Jenny the beach ball. Mike is sad he wants to swing more. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. There is a storm coming up. Mike and Jenny are close to a tree. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is holding a glove. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
There is lightening in the sky. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. Mike is playing with the football. 
Mike has a glove. Jenny has a baseball. The dog is behind Jenny. 
Jenny is trying to catch a beach ball. Mike is sad because the weather is bad. Mike is standing by the sandbox. 
Jenny has a glove. Mike has a ball. Mike and Jenny are afraid of lightning. 
The snake came out of the hole in the tree. Mike ran to get the beach ball. Jenny asked Mike if she could play. 
Jenny and Mike see a green snake. The green snake makes Jenny and Mike giggle. An airplane flies over Jenny  Mike and the green snake. 
Mike is waving to the snake. Jenny sees the snake on the grass. The cat is watching the snake run away. 
The snake is going into the hole in the tree. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a winter hat. 
The green snake went into the hole in the tree. Mike saw the green snake before it went in the hole. Jenny is going to pick up her cat. 
Mike is wearing some trippy glasses while looking at the snake. Jenny is surprised by the snake and wants to play. The snake has appeared from the tree. 
A green snake is beside the tree. Mike and Jenny are happy to see the snake. A cat is sitting beside Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting by the sand box. The snake is behind the tree. Mike is talking to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are having a party. Mike it cooking hotdogs. Jenny and a snake are enjoying a bonfire. 
The snake is under the tree. Jenny is standing beside the cat. Mike is jumping in the air. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is looking at a hamburger. Four balloons are next to the table. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a grill. Jenny has a vikings hat on. 
Jenny is grilling hamburgers. The cat is watching Jenny. Jenny has on a viking hat. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is calling for Mike to get the hamburger. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny is standing near a barbecue. The tree has five apples. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing a vikings hat. jenny is near a grill. 
Jenny is cooking a hamburger. Jenny is in front of the table. The cloud is blocking the sun. 
Jenny is wearing a viking helmet There's a pizza on the table Jenny wants the hamburger 
Jenny is cooking a hamburger. Jenny is wearing a funny hat. The hot air balloon is far away. 
Jenny is crying after falling on the floor. Mike rolls the beach ball towards the swings. A blue duck waddles towards the dog. 
Mike wears a hat. Mike made a campfire. Jenny is sad. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is scared because the fire is hot. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. 
Mike is wearing a hat with a star on it. A brown dog is standing near Mike. Jenny is wearing a pink dress. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. A dog has a hot dog. A drink is beside Jenny. 
Jenny is sad that it is raining. Mike can touch the sun. The dog is in front of Mike. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting under the apple tree. The dog is looking at Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is jumping up and alarmed. Jenny is near a tree. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing the crown. Jenny is sitting by the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing at the park today. Jenny is sad because they don't have a ball. The clouds are floating by the sun. 
Jenny fell off of the slide. Mike is running to help pick Jenny up. Mike was playing on the swings. 
Jenny fell off the slide Mike runs to help her Jenny's crown is now crooked 
Jenny slid down the slide. Mike wants to help Jenny stand up. A cat and dog watches Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny went down the slide. Mike is running to help Jenny. Mike was playing on the swings. 
There is a balloon in the sky. Jenny fell off of the slide. Mike is helping Jenny. 
Jenny has gone down the slide. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
Mike is worried about Jenny. Jenny should take care when sliding. Mike wants to slide now. 
Jenny fell off the slide. Mike is laughing at her because she fell. Mike is wearing a pirates hat. 
Jenny fell down off the slide. Mike is wearing sunglasses. A helicopter is flying above Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is playing by the swings. Jenny slid down the slide. 
Mike is sad. Jenny is excited. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny tell ghost stories. Mike wears a red and gray cap. Mike and Jenny like a sunny day. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The dog is next to Mike. The duck wants to play. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding hands with Mike. Mike is cared of the campfire. 
Jenny is holding Mike's hand. Mike is sad that Jenny has to go home. The ball is in the sandbox. 
Mike is sad and needs a hug. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The bird is in the apple tree. 
The owl is watching Mike and Jenny. The football is on the grass. Jenny is happy today. 
Jenny is laughing at Mike. Jenny is standing next to the slide. The airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing by the slide. Mike is showing Jenny his new shoes. Jenny is excited to see Mike. 
The  helicopter is red and grey. Mike is sad. Jenny is smiling. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. There are hamburgers on the grill. The sun is behind the cloud. 
Mike is cooking hamburgers. There is ketchup on the table. It is cloudy today. 
The dog is wearing a blue collar. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Hotdogs are on the barbecue. 
Mike is having a picnic. Mike wants to play with the dog. Mike is grilling hot dogs. 
Mike is near a grill. A dog is near jenny. there are three hot-dogs on the grill. 
A dog is in the grass. Mike is standing by a grill. A tennis ball is in the grass. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Mike is wearing a pirate cap. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike is making hamburgers Mike sees a hot air balloon. Mike is happy to see the tent. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is cooking a burger. Mike is near a big tree. 
Jenny kicks the football to Mike. Mike is making hotdogs for lunch. Mike wore his pirate hat to the park. 
Mike is playing on the swing set. Jenny is kicking the ball. The frisbee is lying in the grass. 
Mike has a frisbee and a football. Mike is jumping out of a swing. Mike has a blue hat. 
Mike is wearing a colorful cap. There is a Frisbee and baseball by the swings. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is playing on the swings. The helicopter is flying over Mike. Mike is looking at the balls. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is in front of the swing set. The ball is on the disc. 
Mike is sitting on the swing. The frisbee is next to the swing. The fire is next to the swing. 
Mike fell off of the swing. Jenny likes the rain. Jenny's sunglasses are falling off. 
Mike jusmps out of the swing He is excited by all the toys he sees The man in the balloon says they are his toys 
The sun is shining. Mike holds a baseball and a frisbee. Mike is jumping near the swingset. 
Jenny was playing on the swings. Mike has a Frisbee and a baseball. The cat came to the park to play. 
Mike has a blue hat. Jenny has a basketball. Jenny and Mike are angry. 
Mike is holding the frisbee. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing next to the swing. 
Mike wants to play frisbee. Jenny sits under the apple tree. Red apples grow on the tree. 
Mike is holding a frisbee. Jenny is wearing a gray and red cap. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are angry with each other. The frisbee is flying in the air. The apples are ripe on the tree. 
Jenny is very mad. mike is not happy. There's a pizza on a grill. 
Jenny is sitting by the tree. Mike is throwing the frisbee. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
The sun is behind the cloud Mike threw the Frisbee to Jenny Mike is wearing a silly hat 
A cloud shoots a lightning bolt from above. Mike angrily yanks the frisbee from Jenny. A blue duck stands next to Jenny. 
Jenny wants the Frisbee. Mike wont throw Jenny the Frisbee. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. The fire is next to the tree. 
Jenny took the football from Mike. Jenny is wearing her favorite sunglasses. Mike is upset with Jenny over the football. 
Jenny is wearing a red a gray hat. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is catching the football. 
Mike is near Jenny. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is wearing blue. 
Jenny throws the football to Mike. Mike runs very fast to Jenny. Mike wears a red and gray cap. 
The pie is on the table. Jenny is in front of the apple tree. The table is yellow. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. Mike is beside the apple tree. The snake is beside Jenny. 
Mike is running angrily towards Jenny. Jenny is waving to Mike. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are playing at the park. Mike is mad because he wants the football. The airplane is flying thru the clouds. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. The dog is standing by the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike is going to throw the ball. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the glove. Jenny is holding the bat. 
Mike and Jenny and their faithful companion is playing a friendly game of baseball. Jenny is up as batter while Mike is pitching Jenny the ball while their faithful companion looks on. On a blazing sunny day the kids  Mike and Jenny along with their pet is enjoying rousing game of baseball. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very excited. Mike is holding a bat. 
Mike is happy Jenny is mad Jenny is holding a baseball bat 
Jenny is holding a bat. Mikes is wearing a glove. Jenny and Mike are about to play baseball. 
Mike and Jenny are at the playground. Mike and Jenny are ready to play baseball. Mike and Jenny are very happy today. 
Mike has a yellow ball. Jenny has a catcher's mitt. Jenny and Mike are playing ball. 
Mike is holding the glove. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the bat. 
Jenny has a baseball cap and bat. Mike is waving towards Jenny. it is a sunny day. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is holding a baseball. The plane is in the sky. 
Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny is not in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. 
It is sunny today. Jenny is throwing a baseball to Mike. Mike will catch the baseball behind him. 
Mike is playing in the sand box. Jenny wants Mike to play soccer with her. The hot air ballon flying past the sun. 
Jenny is holding a soccer ball. The pail is in the sand box. The apple tree has ten apples on it! 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball to Mike. Mike plays in the sand box. Mike talks to Jenny. 
Jenny wants to play football. Mike wants to play in the sandbox. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Jenny took the baseball from Mike. Mike is sad Jenny took the ball. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. 
Jenny wants to play baseball. Mike is standing near the sandbox. Mike is ready to play baseball. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. A basketball is on the ground beside Mike. A bear is between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike both wanted the basketball. The bear wanted to play with Jenny and Mike. Mike and Jenny play between the two trees. 
Mike is scaredof the bear. Jenny is holding the basketball. The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
A bear scares Mike. Jenny is scared and drops the basketball. Jenny is tossing the basketball to Mike. 
The big bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny lost the ball because she was scared. Mike is going to run away from the bear. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike drops the basketball. The sun is shinning bright. 
Mike and Jenny have a basketball. A bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. The sun has sunglasses on. 
Mike is afraid of the basketball. The big sun is shinning above Mike's head. The bear screams at the basketball. 
There is a scary bear. Jenny doesn't see the bear. Mike see's the bear first. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. Jenny is holding a basketball. The bear roars at Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is crying at the swing set. Mike is going down the slide. The slide is by the apple tree. 
Mike is extremely happy. Jenny is on a swing-set. Mike is near a dog 
Mike is excited from riding the slide. Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny is playing on the swing. 
Jenny swings on the swing. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Mike sees a hot air balloon. 
Jenny is swinging but she does not seem to be enjoying herself. Mike has come down the slide. Mike wants Jenny to play soccer but she does not want to play with him. 
Mike is at the bottom of the slide. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is on the swing. 
Jenny is crying on the swing. Mike is kicking the football at Jenny. Mike is next to the slide. 
Mike is happy because of the weather. Jenny is mad because Mike won't play. The hot air balloon is flying over Jenny. 
Mike is at the bottom of the slide. Jenny is on the swings. A tree is near the slide. 
Mike is on the slide. Jenny is by the swing. A snake is near the slide. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing a gold crown. Mike likes to wear his viking hat. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The airplane is flying above Mike and Jenny. Jenny wants to catch the ball. 
It is a cloudy day. There is an airplane in the sky. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny wants to catch the ball. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. jenny is very happy. Jenny is playing  with a dog. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is very happy. Mike is very excited. 
Mike kicked the ball to Jenny. Mike has sunglasses. Jenny is catching the ball. 
Mike kicked that ball over Jenny. Jenny is waving at Mike. The plane is flying over Jenny. 
Jenny has a blue cap. Mike has a viking helmet. There are two trees. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike has a baseball hat on. The apple tree has tasty apples. 
Mike and Jenny are mad. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the fire. The sun is shining. 
Mike and Jenny had a fight. There is a campfire between them. The dog is behind the tent. 
The sun is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is holding a hotdog. Mike does not want ketchup on his hotdog. 
Jenny is wearing a colorful beanie. Mike is wearing a winter hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the campfire. 
The fire is between Mike and Jenny. The brown dog is between the trees. The fire is orange. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. The fire is between Mike and Jenny. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny and Mike are mad at each other. The cat sits under the pine tree. The fire is burning. 
Mike and Jenny are mad it is hot. Mike made a campfire. Mike and Jenny sit on the ground. 
jenny is very upset. Mike is very angry. Jenny is near a beach-ball. 
Jenny and Mike aren't speaking to each other. Mike is warming his back by the fire. The airplane is landing at the airport. 
Mike throws the ball at Jenny. Jenny does not know how to catch. An apple tree stands in the field. 
Mike drops his tennis ball Jenny tries to kick the tennis ball Mike is standing next to the cat 
Mike threw the ball for Jenny to kick. Jenny is worried she can't kick the ball. Mike and Jenny will eat some pie. 
Mike is catching the ball. Jenny is throwing the ball. Jenny is standing next to the table. 
Jenny is kicking the tennis ball. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. There are hamburgers on the grill. 
Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is throwing the ball. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny kicked the ball. Mike and Jenny are playing outside. Jenny is sad. 
A wizard bear is attacking Mike. Mike is so scared his eyes turned purple. Jenny is sad she kicked a tennis ball. 
Mike is happy  but Jenny is sad. The bucket is beside the sandbox. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny kicked a tennis ball. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. A duck is on top of the tent. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is holding the glove. 
Jenny is holding a ball. Mike is holding a baseball bat. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is excited to hit the baseball. Jenny is going to catch the baseball. Jenny and Mike are smiling as they play. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. The duck and pizza are on the table. The shovel is under the table. 
Mike dropped the baseball bat. The baseball glove is on Mike's hand. Jenny is holding a base ball. 
Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is throwing the ball. Mike is holding the bat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Jenny hit the ball and is happy. Mike is surprised that Jenny hit the ball. 
Mike has a base-ball bat. Jenny has a base-ball glove on. There are three hot-dogs on the grill. 
Mike is wearing the glove. Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is holding the bat. 
Jenny is catching the baseball. Mike hit the ball with the bat. They are playing by the tree. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball at Jenny's face. Jenny is standing on a lightning bolt. There are three items on the ground below Jenny. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The cat is in the sandbox. Jenny is upset with the cat. 
Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike kicked the soccer ball at Jenny. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny isn't playing with Mike. The snake is slithering in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. A helicopter is flying past. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball Jenny is in the sandbox There is a plane flying by 
Jenny is wearing  sun glasses. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is flying the kite. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike just kicked the soccer ball. The orange cat sits next to Jenny. 
Mike is kicking the ball. The cat is sitting by Mike. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is playing soccer. Jenny is wearing a pirates hat. The brown dog has a blue collar on. 
A rocket blasts overhead. Jenny looks startled by the swing set. There are burgers on the grill. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is very sad. There is a crown in the air. 
Jenny is sitting down. A tree is near the swings. A cat is near a dog. 
Jenny fell off of the swing. A cat is sitting near Jenny. There is a balloon in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The cat is looking at the bumblebee. 
Jenny fell off of the swing. The cat is sitting by the swing. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is sitting in front of swing-set. Jenny is near a Apple Tree. 
Jenny falls off the swing. Jenny is wearing a pretty crown. The duck is near the tree. 
Jenny fell off of the swing. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Jenny is wearing a cap. 
Jenny sees lightening in the sky. Jenny sits on the ground. The cat watches Jenny. 
Jenny has three balloons. Mike is wearing a hat. The cat is behind Jenny. 
Jenny is happy because she has balloons. The cat is watching the balloons. Mike is going to go down the slide. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is wearing a hat. The cat is beside Jenny. 
Jenny has four balloons. The cat sees Jenny. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny brings balloons to share. Jenny wheres a colorful cap. 
The cat has four balloons. There is a cloud in the sky. Mike is running toward the cat. 
Jenny is bringing balloons to Mike. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is waving to Jenny and the cat. 
Jenny is holding balloons. Mike sits and waves to Jenny. The cat watches Jenny walk to Mike. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike is wearing a hat. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Jenny is carrying four balloons. Mike is watching Jenny run with balloons. The cat is watching Jenny run with balloons. 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Mike likes to play basketball. The airplane is flying up in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the basketball. Jenny and Mike are holding hands. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. 
Mike and Jenny cook hotdogs. Jenny is holding a racquet. An airplane flies by. 
The lightning is flashing in the sky. Mike has a ball. Jenny wants to play tennis. 
Mike and Jenny are running to go play. The dog is standing on the picnic table. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Jenny is holding a tennis racquet. Mike is throwing a basketball. A jet plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Mike is holding a basketball. 
Jenny and Mike are friends again. Mike is kicking the basketball. Jenny likes to play tennis. 
Jenny is running with a tennis racket. Mike is carrying a basketball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is holding a basketball. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is going to catch the football. Mike threw the football to Jenny. A goose is in between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny and Mike are throwing a football. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mike is trying to catch the football. The sandbox is beside the swing set. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny is kicking the football. Mike is going to catch the football. 
Jenny threw the football. Mike can't catch it. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny kicked the football to Mike. Mike is afraid of the football. Mike is wearing a cap with a star. 
Jenny is trying to catch the football. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. A hot air balloon is flying by. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Mike has a football. 
Jenny wants to catch the ball. Mike is going to throw the football. The picnic table is yellow. 
Mike is kicking a pizza. Jenny is mad because she wants the pizza. There is an owl in the tree. 
Jenny wants Mike to eat Pizza Mike says he has already eaten Jenny says he could at least take a bite after all her hard work 
Mike is very happy at the park today. Jenny is angry because she does not want to share the pizza with Mike. Mike and Jenny are standing by the tree. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is carrying four balloons. The pizza is on the ground. 
Mike dropped the pepperoni pizza. The blue duck wants the pepperoni pizza. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is holding the pizza. Mike does not want to eat pizza. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
The pizza is on the table. There is a cloud in the sky. Mike is sad because he wants the pizza. 
Jenny has a pizza. Mike is mad because he wants the pizza. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny tries to share her pizza. Mike is mad at Jenny. An owl watches Mike and Jenny from the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. The pizza is in front of Mike. Jenny is running to get some pizza. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. There is an apple tree behind Jenny. Mike has a Bat  Jenny throws the ball. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a base-ball bat. 
The snake does not want to play baseball. Jenny is throwing a baseball to Mike. Mike will hit the baseball with the bat. 
Jenny is throwing a baseball to Mike. Mike is standing next to an apple tree. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Jenny is throwing a baseball. Mike is holding a bat. Mike is getting ready to swing. 
Mike holds a bat Jenny is holding a glove Jenny throws the ball to Mike 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is ready to bat. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a baseball. Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
The cloud is hiding behind the tree. Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike has a blue baseball hat. 
Jenny is playing base-ball. Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is very shocked. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is holding the pizza. Mike is standing by the tent. 
Jenny is giving Mike a pizza. There is a dog in the yard with Mike and Jenny. Mike is very hungry. 
Mike is sitting in front of the tent. Jenny is holding a pizza. The tree is next to the tent. 
Jenny and Mike will have pizza. The dog is next to the tent. Mike is outside of the tent. 
Mike is in front of the tent. Jenny has a pizza. There is a plane in the sky. 
A large sun shines above the small dog. Mike happily runs towards the orange tent. Jenny offers her pizza to Mike. 
Jenny brings a pizza to share with Mike. Mike wears a gray and red cap. Mike and Jenny are camping. 
Mike is near a tent. Jenny is holding a pizza. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny has made a pizza. Mike is happy to see Jenny. The rocket is soaring in the sky. 
Mike is sitting in front of a tent. A pizza is on the table. A dog is standing behind the table. 
The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. Mike is by the sandbox. Mike has four balloons. 
Mike is holding a bunch of balloons. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. It is a sunny day. 
Mike has balloons. Jenny is waving. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike brought Jenny a bunch of balloons. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike wore his sunglasses today. 
Mike is very surprise. Jenny is very happy. Mike is holding balloons. 
Mike is holding balloons. A hot air balloon is floating above Mike. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is jumping high. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the balloons. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Mike is holding four ballons. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. Jenny is excited to see Mike today. 
Mike and Jenny are sad today. They are giving the bear a hotdog. It is very sunny. 
The bear wants the hotdog. Jenny and Mike are holding a hotdog. There are apples on the tree. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very sad. A bear is near mike. 
Mike and Jenny are both sad today. The bear wants the hot dog on the ground. It is a cloudy day today. 
The bear is wearing a viking hat. The rocket is soaring in the sky. Mike is sad because he does not have a hot dog. 
Mike doesn't want to give away his food. The bear wants Mike's hot dog. A helicopter is flying by. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. A bear is standing in front of Mike and Jenny. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is afraid of the bear. 
Mike is trying to give the bear a hot dog. There is lightning flashing in the sky. A rocket is taking off in the distance. 
Mike is holding a hot-dog. jenny is very scared. a bear is near mike. 
Jenny is sad because the rain is making it so she cant cook her hotdog. Mike is getting to the tent to stay dry. Its raining on the campfire. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. There is rain coming from a cloud. Mike and Jenny are running to the fire. 
Mike is running to the tent. Jenny is looking at the hot dog. The camp fire is still burning. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sad because the rain will put out their bonfire. Jenny is afraid her hot dog will get wet. 
Jenny has a hot dog. It is raining at the park today. Mike is scared the rain will put out the fire. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike is near a fire. Rain is falling from the sky. 
Mike is looking at the fire. Rain drops are falling. Jenny has a hotdog. 
The rain is putting out the fire. Jenny is holding up a hotdog. Mike is running after the soccer ball. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is holding a hot-dog. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is sitting next to a cat Jenny is holding a hotdog 
The picnic table is under the tree. There is some ketchup and a hamburger on the table. Jenny and Mike wave toward the table. 
Mike is mad at Jenny for jumping. Mike is wearing a blue cap. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike and Jenny are surprised. The dog is sniffing the burgers. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is upset at Mike. The dog is standing near Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing the crown. The burger is on the table. Mike is throwing the the ball. 
Mike drops his yellow ball. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Jenny has a hamburger for lunch. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing next to the table. The burgeris on the table. 
The hamburger is on the table. Mike can not reach the hamburger. Jenny is surprised that the hamburger is on the table. 
Mike is standing under the cloud Mike is standing next to the hamburger Jenny is waving at Mike 
jenny is fussing with mike. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike seems very aggravated. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a beach-ball. jenny is in a sand-box. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is throwing a beach ball. Jenny sits in the sandbox. 
Jenny is flying a kite in the sandbox. Mike is holding a beach ball. Mike and Jenny are smiling. 
jenny is very happy. Jenny is sitting in a sand-box. Mike is very happy. 
Jenny and Mike are playing in a sandbox. Mike is playing with a beachball. Jenny is flying a kite. 
Mike is throwing a beach ball. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. A kite is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding the beach ball. 
Jenny is flying a kite Mike kicks a beachball to Jenny Jenny is wearing sunglasses 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is very happy. jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny loves kites. Mike loves the sandbox. Mike wants to fly a kite  too. 
Jenny is on the swings. A pizza is on the table. Mike kicked a soccer ball. 
Jenny is sittin on the swings. Mike is playing soccer. Mike has a soda pop. 
Jenny is swinging on the swing. Mike is playing with with the soccer ball. Mike is holding his drink. 
Jenny was mad she almost fell off the swing. Mike kicked his soccer ball under the swing. Mike carried his soda in his hand. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is on the swing. Mike is drinking a drink. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is sitting on the swing. 
Jenny needs a push on the swing. Mike is holding drink. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The dog is brown. Jenny is on the swings. 
Jenny is on the swing Mike is playing soccer with a bear Jenny is crying 
Mike walks on the swing set. Jenny swings on the swing. The sun fell from the sky. 
Mike is very happy. A duck is on the table. A soccer ball is on the table. 
The duck is on the table. The dog is next to the table. Jenny does not want to the duck to fall. 
Jenny is calling the duck There's a dog behind Jenny The duck is on the table 
Jenny is trying to catch a duck. The picnic table is near the small tree. The dog is watching Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a princess crown. A dog is looking at Jenny. A duck is sitting on the picnic table. 
Jenny is talking to the duck. A duck is on the picnic table. The dog is watching Jenny and the duck. 
Jenny is happy to see the duck. The dog is brown. The dog has a blue collar. 
Jenny wears a blue hat. Jenny wants to hold the duck. Jenny has a pizza for lunch. 
Jenny is near a duck. A duck is on a yellow table. A dog is near a yellow table. 
A duck is on the table. The dog has sunglasses on! The sun is very bright. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park. They are playing catch with a football. An orange cat is also at the park and seems to be watching. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball in the park. Mike is happy to see Jenny today. Today is a nice day. 
Jenny and Mike are playing sports at the park. Jenny wants to play football. Mike is upset and wants to play soccer. 
Jenny is kicking a football. Mike is holding his hands in the air. A cloud is in front of the sun. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing glasses. Mike and Jenny are playing football. The hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny kicks the football. Mike gets ready to catch the football. A cloud blocks the sun. 
It is a sunny day. The cat is standing at the tree. Jenny is about to kick the football. 
Jenny kicked the football high in the air. Mike jumped up to catch the football. Jenny was wearing a magic wizard hat. 
Jenny and Mike play football. Jenny wears a Viking hat. Mike is surprised that Jenny can kick a football. 
Jenny kicked the football to Mike. Mike will catch the football. Mike is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is surprised by the bear. 
The bear snuck up on Jenny. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The beachball rolled out of the sandbox. 
The bear is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is playing in the sand box. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
The bear likes to scare Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding four balloons. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. The sun is shining brightly. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The bear has big claws. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. The bear is growling at Jenny. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny and the dog are in the sandbox. The bear is growling at Jenny. The dog sees the bear. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. The airplane is flying. The bear is holding his arms up. 
Jenny is in the sandbox alone. Mike is at the park today. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
jenny is very mad. Jenny is holding a pie. Jenny is wearing black shades. 
There are balloons in the sky Jenny is holding a pie Mike doesn't take a piece of pie 
Mike is wearing a spinny hat Mike is holding a pie Jenny is in front of Mike 
Mike is wearing black shades. Jenny is holding a pie. jenny is very angry. 
The four balloons flew away from Jenny. Mike offered Jenny a pie to make her happy. The beach ball was near the swing set. 
Jenny is sad because she lost the balloons. The cat is facing Jenny. Mike is holding a pie. 
Jenny is holding the pie. The cat is sitting by Jenny. The balloons are flying in the sky. 
Red apples are in the tree. Jenny is holding a pie. Jenny is standing next to a barbecue. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny's balloons are floating away. Jenny will not share her pie. 
Jenny is angry because Mike doesn't want the pie. Mike is running away from Jenny. The ballons in the sky are pretty. 
Jenny is running away. Mike is angry that a snake has come to the park. There are hot dogs on the grill. 
A sad Mike lets the green snake go. A worried Jenny runs away from the tree. The sun shines brightly above the snake. 
Mike is running with a hot dog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The snake is slithering away from them. 
Three balls are on the ground. Jenny is running away. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Mike is kicking the snake. Jenny is running from the snake. The sun is going behind a cloud. 
Mike is mad at the snake. Jenny is running from the snake. Mike is holding a bat. 
A green snake is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny is running away from the snake. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
The sun is above Jenny The snake is afraid of Mike Mike is beside a slide 
Mike is behind the snake Jenny runs from the snake Mike is in front of a tree 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike tries to scare the snake. The snake is by the tree. 
Mike is very excited. Mike is holding a foot-ball. Mike is near a tent. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is kicking a colorful beach ball. There is a camping tent by the tree. 
An airplane is in the sky. It is a sunny day. Mike kicks the football. 
Mike has a tennis ball It's about to rain over Mike Mike is camping in the woods alone 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. The duck is holding a racket. The snake slithers up to the pizza. 
Mike is wearing a glove. Mike is standing in front of the tent. Mike is happy to see the snake. 
Mike is wearing a witch hat. Mike is holding a ball. Mike is sitting in front of the tent. 
The basketball is in front of Mike. Mike is in front of the tent. Mike is happy that Jenny will be coming out to play. 
Mike is wearing glasses. The sun is bright in the sky. Mike is running for the ball. 
Mike is sitting by the tent. The snake is slithering away from Mike. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are surprised. Jenny is chasing the football. The cat is sitting beside Mike. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mikes wants Jenny to kick the ball to him. The bear is in front of the tree. 
Jenny kicks the football. The bear runs after Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. There is a bear behind Mike and Jenny. Jenny is kicking the football. 
Jenny and Mike are surprised. A bear is growling at Mike. The football is sitting in the grass. 
The bear is behind Mike. Jenny is kicking the football. Mike and Jenny feel sad. 
Jenny hurt her foot kicking the football. Mike is afraid of the bear. The bear likes to scare Mike and Jenny. 
The bear is behind the children. The tree is covered in apples. Mike is watching Jenny kick. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. The bear is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is kicking the football. 
Jenny hurt her foot kicking the football. Mike feels bad for Jenny. Jenny and Mike don't notice the bear. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is next to a cat. There is a plane in the air. 
Mike is kicking the frisbee. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike is in front of the picnic table. 
Mike catches the orange frisbee. Jenny prepares to throw the tennis ball. A helicopter flies towards Jenny. 
Jenny wears sunglasses. Mike and Jenny plays frisbee. A helicopter is in the sky. 
Mike has a orange frisbee. Jenny is waving to the helicopter. No one is playing in the sand box today. 
Jenny threw a Frisbee to Mike. A red and grey helicopter is in the sky. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is wearing a red and white hat. A cat is between Mike and Jenny. Mike has a frisbee. 
Jenny is waving at the helicopter. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike caught the frisbee. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike is holding a frisbee. 
Jenny is sitting with a frisbee. Mike told Jenny to look at the helicopter. Jenny is waving at the helicopter. 
Mike is tossing the frisbee. Jenny does not like to play frisbee. The dog is chasing the frisbee. 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. The brown dog is standing under the tree. Today is a pretty day at the park. 
Mike is catching the Frisbee. Jenny threw the Frisbee. Mike is by the tree. 
Mike is throwing the frisbee to Jenny. Mike is happy to play outside. Mike has a star on his hat. 
Lightning is striking behind Mike. Jenny and Mike are playing with a Frisbee. Jenny looks startled as they play. 
Jenny tosses a frisbee at Mike. A small sun shines above the playground. Jenny stands in front of the apple tree. 
Jenny threw the Frisbee to Mike. Mike is getting ready to catch the Frisbee. The sun is behind a cloud. 
Mike threw the frisbee to Jenny. Mike is jumping up and down for joy. Jenny doesn't want to play frisbee right now. 
Jenny and Mike are playing Frisbee. Mike is going to catch the Frisbee. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the Frisbee. Jenny is setting on the ground. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is running to Mike. Mike is waving to Jenny. Mike is standing next to the swings. 
Jenny is scared and running away. Mike is happy to see Jenny. Mike was playing on the swings. 
Jenny is running towards Mike Jenny is wearing a blue cap Mike is standing in front of the swings 
Jenny is worried about Mike. Mike has a neat hat. Mike jumps in the air. 
Jenny is throwing the frisbee. Mike is sitting on the swing. The dog is sitting under the tree. 
Jenny is running to Mike Mike is right by the swing. Jenny looks very scared. 
Mike is wearing shades. jenny is very surprised. Mike is near swings. 
Jenny is jumping. Mike is marching. Jenny is in front of the apple tree. 
Mike is playing beside the swing set. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is running to Mike. 
The owl is on top of the swing set. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike wants Jenny to swing with him. 
Mike and Jenny are both angry. Mike is eating a hotdog. The ketchup is near Mike. 
Mike sitting at the fire with a hot dog. Jenny is near the tree. Jenny is running towards Mike. 
Mike is sitting next to the fire. Mike is holding four balloons. Mike is holding a hotdog in his hand. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny wants to fly the kite. Mike is sitting by the fire. 
Jenny does not like the lightning. Mike is sitting next to the fire. Jenny is running toward the fire. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Mike has a hot dog. Mike is sitting by the camp fire. 
Mike is sitting beside the campfire. Mike is holding a hotdog. Mike and Jenny are mad. 
Mike is sitting by the tree. Jenny is angry at Mike. The campfire is burning. 
Mike is enjoying a hotdog with mustard. Jenny is running toward Mike. Mike is sitting by the campfire. 
Jenny looks hurt and upset. Mike is trying to help Jenny. There is a baseball on the ground. 
Jenny fell off of the swing. Mike is in the air. Mike is holding the racket. 
The helicopter is flying. Jenny is sitting on the grass. Mike is looking surprised at Jenny. 
Jenny fell on the ground. Mike is running to Jenny. The Frisbee is next to Jenny. 
Jenny has the football. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are sad. Jenny fell and hurt herself. Mike is trying to help Jenny. 
Jenny is sad and crying. The cup and mustard are on the table. The shovel is under the tree. 
Jenny is sad and sitting. A beach ball is near Mike. A burger is on the table. 
There is an air balloon in the sky. There is a snake near Mike. Jenny just fell off the swing set. 
The hot air balloon is flying. Jenny cries while sitting down. Mike lends a hand to Jenny. 
Jenny is carrying an owl. Mike is playing on the spring toy. Jenny is showing Mike an owl. 
Mike is sitting on the bumblebee. Jenny is holding the owl. The rocket is taking off. 
Jenny happily holds the owl in her hand. A rocket blasts off above Jenny. Mike happily jumps over the bumblebee ride. 
The owl lands on Jenny's arm. A rocket is in the sky. Mike is watching Jenny and the owl. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is sitting on a park toy. 
Jenny is holding an owl. The owl is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is playing on the riding toy. 
Mike is sitting on the riding toy. Jenny is holding an owl. The rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Jenny caught an owl. Mike is worried because the rocket ship is loud. Mike is falling off of the spring toy. 
Mike is playing on the bubble bee. Mike is sad that Jenny is standing on his legs. The cat is watching the owl. 
A brown owl sits on Jenny's head. A tiny rocket ship blasts off above Jenny. Mike is sitting on the bumblebee ride. 
Mike wears a colorful cap. A duck stands under the apple tree. Red apples grow on the apple tree. 
Jenny will jump high. Mike will run fast. Jenny is wearing black glasses. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. Mike is running by the apple tree. The sky is cloudy today. 
Mike is very happy. A dog is near a apple tree. Mike is near jenny. 
Jenny jumped very high in the air. The blue duck is chasing the ball. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is very happy. A bear is near a apple tree. Jenny is up in the air. 
Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is wearing the hat. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are running in the park. Mike is having fun playing with Jenny. Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are going towards the slide. The dog is looking at the duck. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. The duck is beside the soccer ball. 
It is raining on Jenny's hot dog. Mike is swinging on the swing. Jenny is talking to Mike. 
It has begun to rain on Jenny. Jenny is holding a hot dog. The dog is standing by the slide. 
Jenny is giving the hot-dog to Mike. The rainy cloud is above Jenny. There are two clouds in the sky. 
It is starting to rain. The hotdog is getting wet. Mike is mad his lunch is getting wet. 
Mike is getting rained on. Mike is eating a hotdog. Mike put ketchup on his hot dog. 
Jenny is surprised it has started to rain. Mike is mad that the hot dog is getting wet. Mike has a bottle of ketchup. 
Mike has a bottle of ketchup. Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is sad that it is raining. Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. The rainy cloud is over Jenny. 
Jenny is getting rained on. Mike is mad that it is raining. The goose is hiding behind the tree. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding a hotdog and ketchup. It is raining on Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. A soccer ball is near the slide. An owl is at the top of the slide. 
The owl is on the pink slide. Jenny and Mike did jumping jacks together. Jenny watched the hot air balloon go higher. 
There is an owl on the slide. There is a dog by the tree. There are apples in the tree. 
An owl is sitting on a slide Jenny is happy watching the owl. Jenny is standing next to some trees. 
The owl is on the slide. Jenny is smiling at the bottom of the slide. It is a sunny day. 
An owl is sitting on the bear's hand. An airplane flies above the screaming bear. An angry Jenny kicks the bear. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing next to the swing. The owl is sitting on the slide. 
Jenny is in front of the slide Jenny is wearing a pink dress Jenny calls for the owl 
Jenny is wearing the hat. The owl is sitting on the slide. Jenny is holding the mustard. 
The owl is scared of the big slide Jenny cheers him on The owl counts one twoooooo three 
The bear wants to be a viking The cat is drinking a soda The bear asks for a sip 
The bear scares the campers. The cat is watching the bear. The pail is outside the sandbox. 
The cat is guarding the slide The bear wants to go down the slide The cat says no way bear 
There is a helicopter in the sky. There is a bear in the sandbox. A cat is watching a bear. 
The cat is staring at the bear. The helicopter is flying toward the sun. The bear is surprised. 
The bear tries to scare the cat. The cat is not scared of the bear. It is raining on the bear's head. 
The bear tries to scare the cat. The cat is not scared of the bear. A helicopter is coming to rescue the cat. 
The bear is talking to the cat. The cat is by a tree. A helicopter flew over the animals. 
The cat is sitting in the sandbox. The bear is trying to scare the cat. The cat and bear are going to get rained on. 
The cat is by the sandbox. The bear is talking to the cat. Balloons are in the sky. 
Jenny will throw a baseball at the bear. The bear is trying to scare Jenny. Jenny is carrying her hat. 
The bear is roaring at Jenny. Jenny is looking angrily at the bear. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny used the bat to scare the bear. The bear was wearing the magic wizard hat. The cat wanted to wear the wizard hat. 
The cat is watching Jenny throw a baseball at the bear. Jenny is angry at the bear. The Bear is a wizard and scared Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a ball. A cat is sitting beside Jenny. A bear is wearing a witch hat. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. The cat is behind Jenny. The bear is wearing a wizard's cap. 
Jenny is playing catch with the bear. The ball hits the bear in the face. The cat is watching Jenny and the bear play. 
Jenny has a baseball. Mike is sad because he wants the ball. The bear is wearing a witch hat. 
A bear has a wizard hat on. Jenny is near a cat. Some fruit is on the tree. 
The bear hat is blue. The cat is sitting near Jenny. The bear has long claws. 
Jenny is angry that Mike dropped the pizza. The dog is sitting in front of Mike. Jenny is standing in front of the table. 
Mike dropped the pizza. Jenny is worried that Mike dropped the pizza. Mike and Jenny were going to have pizza for lunch. 
Mike and Jenny pretend the toy is alive. Mike came with a pizza to share. The cat sits next to the tree. 
Mike dropped his pizza. Jenny is angry at Mike for dropping the food. It is a cloudy day. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike dropped the pizza. The dog is beside Mike. 
Jenny is standing by the tree. The pizza is sitting on the grass. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Mike is sitting on the grass. The airplane is flying. 
Mike was sad he dropped the pizza. Jenny was upset and threw down the football. The owl tried to hid in the tree. 
A pizza is on the ground. Mike is sitting in the grass. The balls are under the tree. 
Jenny is sitting on the grass. Mike is standing up. The plate of food is on the grass. 
A helicopter is flying over. Jenny is drinking a soda. It is sunny in the park. 
Jenny is sitting next to an apple tree. Jenny is sipping a drink. Jenny has purple glasses and a wizard hat. 
Jenny is holding soda Jenny is wearing sunglasses Jenny is afraid of the helicopter 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny has a cold drink. Mike is sad. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses Jenny is holding a cola There's a dog beside Jenny 
Jenny is drinking out of a glass. A cat is in the sandbox. A plane is in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing glasses Jenny is holding soda Jenny is afraid of the helicopter 
There is one cloud in the sky. Jenny is sitting by the cat. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is very angry. jenny is wearing purple shades. jenny is holding a soda. 
Jenny fearfully looks at the pink slide. A dog stands in front of the slide. A helicopter flies above Jenny. 
The dog is too close to the hot dog. The airplane is flying by. Rain is falling from the cloud. 
It started raining in the park. The dog is watching Jenny. There is only one hot dog. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting over the hot dog. The dog is standing in the rain. The airplane is high above. 
It started raining today. The dog is going to eat Jenny's lunch. The airplane is flying into the rain. 
Jenny and Mike are mad. An airplane is flying in the sky. The hotdog is laying in the grass. 
The hotdog is on the ground. Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike fell down dropping the hotdog. 
Rain is falling on Jenny. An airplane is in the sky. Mike is angry. 
Jenny and Mike look mad at the dog. The dog is standing next to the hot dog. It is starting to rain over the dog. 
The dog has a hot dog on it's back. There is a fire beside the sandbox. There is a plane in the sky. 
Rain drops are falling from the cloud. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is holding both arms up. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is drinking a soda. Mike and Jenny are cooking on the grill. 
The bear is taking  the pie. Jenny is looking at Mike. Mike sees the bear. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike has black shades on. There is a soda-can in the grass. 
Mike is standing in front of the apple tree. There is food on the grill. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is near a table. 
Mike is sitting next to the grill Jenny is cooking pie Jenny is wearing a cooking hat 
Lunch is on the picnic table. Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is waiving her hand. 
The owl is in the tree. There are hamburgers on the grill. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Jenny is making food. Mike wants the food. Jenny is by the grill. 
The pie is on the grill. Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are standing beside the grill. 
Jenny is throwing a ball Mike is holding a tennis racket Jenny is sitting on the table 
Jenny is sitting with her cat. Mike hit the ball. The ball hit Jenny. 
A cat sits beside Jenny on the picnic table. Mike uses a tennis racket to toss the ball to Jenny. Jenny throws a hand up to catch the tennis ball. 
Jenny is sitting on the table. The cat is on the table. the tree has red apples. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. The cat and Jenny are sitting on the bench. Mike it playing tennis. 
Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is playing tennis with Jenny. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
The girl is holding a tennis ball. The boy is holding a tennis racquet. The cat is on the picnic table. 
Mike is playing tennis. Jenny is sitting on the table. The cat sees Mike. 
Mike is very shocked. Jenny is on a table. jenny is near a cat. 
Mike has a tennis racket. Jenny is throwing a tennis ball to Mike. The cat is sitting on the table. 
The cloud is starting to block the sun. Mike and Jenny are eating outside. Jenny is sad because she dropped her hamburger. 
The cat is sitting by the table. The dog is standing by Mike. Jenny is standing by Mike. 
Jenny dropped the hamburger on the ground. Mike is kicking his foot up high. Jenny has golden braids. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is very sad. Mike is near a burger. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground crying. A hamburger is between Mike and Jenny. There is one cloud in the sky. 
A hamburger is in the grass. One cloud is in the sky. Jenny is surprised  and Mike is sad. 
The hamburger is on the grass. Mike is beside the grill. Jenny is beside the tree. 
Jenny dropped her hamburger. Mike and Jenny cook hamburgers. ike does not get a hamburger. 
The hamburger is on the grass. Jenny hair is yellow. Mike hair is black. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. There is a cloud in front of the sun. There is a hamburger at Jenny's feet. 
Mike has a pizza. Jenny has some mustard. An airplane is flying. 
Mike brings a pizza to share. Jenny wears a colorful cap. Mike and Jenny share a tent. 
Mike is holding a pizza. Jenny is holding the mustard. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is carrying a pizza. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny is holding the mustard. 
Mike has a pizza. Jenny is wearing goggles. Jenny has a bottle of mustard. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike is holding a pizza. Jenny is holding the mustard. 
Jenny is holding the mustard Mike is holding a pizza There's a baloon above Jenny 
Jenny is holding mustard. A bear wants Mike and Jenny's food. Mike has a pizza. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a pizza. Jenny is holding the mustard. 
Mike is carrying the pizza. Jenny likes mustard on pizza. The tree is behind Jenny. 
Jenny greets the dog. The ball is next to Mike. The tree has a hole in it. 
Mike is wearing a hat with horns. Jenny is smiling at a brown dog. A green snake is next to Mike and Jenny. 
The dog is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting beside the dog. Mike is in front of the sandbox. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is sitting next to the dog. The dog is standing next to Jenny. 
Jenny is happy to see the dog. There is plane is the sky. Mike is standing next to the tree. 
Jenny is sitting with a pie and a hot dog. Mike is looking startled. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. The dog is near Jenny. Mike is afraid of the dog. 
Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is wearing a pink dress. A dog is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is standing by the table. Jenny is sitting by the table. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is happy because the dog is near her. Mike is upset because there is a dog nearby. It is a cloudy day at the park. 
Lightening strikes in the sky. Mike has a soda on the grass. Jenny is wearing glasses. 
Lightning is striking behind the apple tree. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike tells Jenny to stay under the tree. Mike is sitting under the tree. Jenny is running away. 
Mike is sitting under a tree. Jenny is calling Mike. A storm is starting. 
There is a storm. It is raining. Jenny is scared. 
Jenny is afraid of lightning. Mike is sitting next to a big tree. Jenny is kicking her leg. 
The owl is hiding in the apple tree. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing a gold crown. An upset Jenny kicks the air in frustration. A lightning bolt shoots towards Jenny. 
Mike is sad to see lightning. Jenny is afraid of the lightning. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. 
Jenny is scared of the dog. Mr. Dog joins Jenny and Mike. Mike is mad as it rains. 
Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Jenny is holding a drink. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
Mike fell off the picnic table. Jenny is running toward the picnic table. There is a hotdog on the picnic table. 
Mike is sitting on the table with the cat. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike does not want Jenny to sit on the table with him. 
There is an owl on Jenny's head. Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is eating a hot dog. 
Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. Mike is sitting on the table. Mike has a hot dog. 
Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is holding a hot dog. The dog is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting on the table. Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is running to Mike. 
A snake slithers by. Mike is sitting on the table. Jenny is pretending to kick a ball. 
Jenny wears a pirate's hat. Jenny wears sunglasses. Mike eats a hot dog. 
The cat is sitting on the table. It is raining on the cat. Mike is eating a hotdog. 
Jenny slides down the slide. Mike kicks the soccer ball. The sun is shining brightly. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is startled at the bottom of the slide. Mike is looking angrily at Jenny. 
Mike kicked the beach ball. Jenny is scared the beach ball will hit her. Jenny came down the slide. 
Mike kicked the big beach ball. Jenny is coming down the slide. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is kicking the beach ball. 
Mike angerly kicks the beach ball. Jenny slid down the slide in a hurry. Jenny is frightened by Mike's anger. 
A cloud is covering the sun. Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is running angrily towards Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is mad at the beach ball. Jenny is sliding. 
Jenny comes down the slide. Mike wants Jenny to play ball. Mike kicks the basll. 
Mike kicked the ball in anger. Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. The sun is low in the sky today. 
Mike is trying to play with Jenny. Jenny is angry at Mike. Jenny wants to pick apples. 
There is a cloud in the sky. There is a pink slide next to an apple tree. Mike is playing football with Jenny. 
Jenny is mad because she wants the ball. Mike is kicking a football. The sun is shining above the swings. 
Mike is wearingthe sun glasses. Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is standing by the table. 
Jenny is very upset. Mike is near to Jenny. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny is standing beside the tree. Mike is standing beside an apple tree. 
Jenny is standing under a rain cloud Mike is playing with the football Mike is angry at the apple tree 
There are apples in the tree Jenny is made because she wants the ball The sand box is next to the tree 
Mike has the football. The cloud is in front of the sun. Jenny wants the football back. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny is sad. Jenny is kneeling near a tree. 
It is raining in the park. Mike and Jenny will eat pie. A rocket is flying over the park. 
It is raining on the grill. Mike and Jenny are sad. Mike is holding a hotdog and ketchup. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a gold crown. The dog is walking in front of Mike. 
It is raining. The Frisbee is in the sandbox. Mike is waving his arms. 
Jenny is mad because it is raining. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. The tennis racket is laying on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny's sandcastle is gone. It is raining today. The baseball bat is on the grass. 
A hotdog is on the cloud. A pirate hat is on the ground. A cloud is raining into a drink. 
Mike and Jenny are sad. It is raining today. The dog is watching what Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are sad. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny and Mike are sad because it is raining. Mike has a gold crown on. The apple tree apples. 
Mike is drinking soda. Mike is frightened by the bear. There is a cloud over Mike's head. 
The bear screams in fear of the cup. Mike falls to the ground with his cup. A football lies next to the yellow table. 
There is an airplane in the sky. There is a cup of soda on the ground. The bear is scary. 
Mike is mad at the bear. The bear is happy to see Mike. Mike wears a hat. 
The bear is beside the tree. The bucket is under the tree. Mike is holding his drink. 
Mike has mustard and a drink. Mike is in front of the picnic table. The bear is growling at Mike. 
Mike is angry that a bear is growling at him. Mike has a drink in his hand. The bear wants Mike's drink. 
The big bear wears purple glasses. mike growls back at the big bear. The big bear wants to scare mike and take his soda. 
Mike is holding a soda can. The bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike is looking at the bear. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike has brought a soda for the bear. It is a cloudy day and a bear has come out of the woods. 
Jenny and Mike are at a campfire. Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is holding up a ketchup bottle. 
The helicopter is flying low today. The duck is walking by the fire. There is a hamburger floating in the air. 
The tent is in the air! Jenny is holding the ketchup. Mike is laughing at the floating hamburger. 
mike is very happy. mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is sitting in the grass 
Jenny and Mike are happy. Jenny and Mike are sitting beside the campfire. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are camping out. The dog is watching for bears. Mike is eating a hamburger. 
Jenny is warming her hands at the fire. The airplane is above the tent. Mike is warming his hamburger over the fire. 
Mike is eating a hamburger Jenny has the ketchup Mike and Jenny are sitting next to a fire 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is holding a bottle of catsup. Jenny is wearing a pink dress. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the campfire. Jenny is holding a hamburger and ketchup. Jenny is wearing pink clothes. 
Mike is riding a bee. The red bucket is in the sandbox. There is a plane in the sky. Mike is sitting on a toy. There is a red shovel in the sandbox. Mike is afraid that he will fall from the toy. 
Mike is angry Jenny doesn't want to play. Jenny is playing with a beach ball. The dog is going to chase the ball. 
The rocket ship is in the air. Jenny is happy to see the dog. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
jenny is very upset. mike is playing on a bee toy. jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike is riding a toy. Mike is wearing a crown. There is lightening in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a bucket and shovel. Mike is sitting on the bumble bee toy. Mike is angry at Jenny. 
There are hotdogs cooking on the grill. Mike is playing on a yellow bumblebee toy. There is a red shiny slide behind Mike. 
Mike is sitting on the bee The airplane is flying away from the sun The swings are next to Mike 
An owl is on Mike's head. Mike is riding a toy. A sun is in the sky. 
Mike is sitting on a toy Mike is wearing a baseball cap Mike is wearing sunglasses 
Jenny is standing by the grill. No one is playing in the sandbox today. The tree has red apples on it. 
Jenny sees some of the burgers are gone Mike is shocked that someone would take them The sun shines bright on the picnic 
Jenny is grilling hamburgers. Mike is angry that Jenny is burning the hamburgers. Mike is standing next to the slide. 
Jenny is holding a shovel. Mike wants his hat back from Jenny. Hot dogs are cooking on the grill. 
Jenny and Mike are standing at the grill. There is a cloud in the sky. Some soda and ketchup are on the table. 
The grill is on fire! Mike and Jenny are scared of the fire. The ketchup bottle is on the table. 
There is ketchup to put on the hotdogs. Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny tells Mike there are more hotdogs to eat. 
Jenny is cooking hot dogs. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Jenny thinks the hot dogs are burnt. 
There are three hamburgers on the grill. There is ketchup on the table. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
There are three burgers on the grill. The grill is beside the table. There is a cloud in front of the sun. 
Jenny loves to kick the beachball. Mike hopes to catch the beachball. The dog is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Mike is waiting for the beach ball. Mike and Jenny are having great fun. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is smiling at Jenny. 
Jenny has on sunglasses. The sky is blue. Mike is catching the beach ball. 
Jenny kicked the ball to Mike. The ketchup is on the table. The sun is shining today. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Mike is having fun playing with Jenny. The ketchup and hot dog are on the table. 
Jenny kicks the beachball to Mike. Mike catches the beachball. A hot-air balloon floats in the sky. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. The helicopter is flying away. The rocket has taken off. 
Mike has a pizza to share. Jenny is happy to have a campfire. Jenny wears sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The sun is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are beside the campfire. 
Jenny offered Mike a piece of pizza. The fire burned with yellow and orange flames. Mik could not wait to taste the pizza. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike has brought a pizza to the park. It is a nice day today. 
Mike uses the pizza as a frisbee. Jenny thinks they can cook the pizza on the fire. Mike wears a hat with a star. 
Mike has a large pizza! Jenny has a soda pop. Mike is standing in front of the tent. 
Mike is holding a pizza over the fire. Jenny is excited to eat pizza. A cloud is covering the sun. 
Mike is cooking a pizza on the grill. A hot air balloon is in the sky. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny have a picnic. Jenny is happy for the warm sunshine. Mike brings a pizza to share with Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny like pepperoni pizza. Mike is  getting warm by the fire. Jenny has a whirlygig cap on. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the snake. The airplane is flying over Mike and Jenny. The weather is rainy. 
It is raining on the snake. Mike and Jenny are afraid of the snake. The airplane is flying over Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is scared of the snake. Jenny is scared the snake will bite Mike. It is starting to rain. 
Mike is scared of the snake Jenny is scared of an airplne Mike and Jenny are getting rained on 
There is a snake between Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. It is raining in the background. 
Jennny is scared of the snake. There is an airplane in the sky. Jenny is holding a frisbee. 
Mike waves to the airplane. Jenny sees a snake. It is raining over there. 
An airplane flies past the raining cloud. Mike jumps in front of the apple tree. A green snake slithers towards Jenny. 
It is raining on Mike The snake scared Mike and Jenny There is a plane flying though the sky 
Jenny is eating the pizza. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike is kicking a soccer-ball. A orange cat is near jenny. Mike is near jenny. 
Mike is throwing the soccer ball. Jenny is throwing the frisbee. Mike and Jenny have to catch something. 
Jenny is playing with a freeze-be. Mike is playing with a soccer-ball. Mike is very happy. 
Mike is trying to catch the frisbee. Jenny wants the frisbee. The frisbee is orange. 
Mike wants to play with the Frisbee. Jenny wants to play soccer. Jenny is sad Mike won't play with her. 
Jenny is kicking a ball. Mike is throwing a frisbee. Jenny is under a cloud. 
Jenny threw the Frisbee too far. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike and Jenny see something surprising across the park. 
Jenny threw the Frisbee to Mike. Mike wanted to play soccer  not Frisbee. Mike is going to catch the Frisbee. 
Jenny and Mike are talking. The soccer ball is between Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are standing near a tree. Jenny threw the disc. The disc is orange. Mike wants to pick up the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Someone threw a frisbee at Mike. Mike and Jenny are near a campfire. 
Mike is standing by the sand box. The pie is by the sand box. The sand box is by the tree. 
Mike sees a frisbee. Mike sees a pie. Mike wants to play in the sandbox. 
The snake is in the sandbox. The snake surprises Mike. The pie is beside the sandbox. 
Mike dropped the pie in the sandbox. The owl is hiding in the tree. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. The cat is standing by Mike. There is a pie in the sandbox. 
The pie is in the sandbox. Jenny and Mike are surprised. It is a cloudy day. 
Mike almost dropped the pie in the sandbox. The pink shovel is in the sandbox. Mike baked a pie. 
Mike is holding a pie. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. A cat is near mike. 
Lightning has just struck. The pail in the sandbox is full of sand. The dog is coming towards Mike and the pie. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is behind a tree. Mike is near a pie. 
Wizard Jenny plays in the sand. Mike is goofy Mike and Jenny love to play. 
Jenny has a shovel. Mike is holding a bat. Mike and Jenny are not in the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are not in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a blue cap. The tree is behind the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are running. Jenny is holding a pail and shovel. The dog is following Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are beside the sandbox. Jenny is holding a shovel. Mike is sad  and Jenny is surprised. 
Jenny kicks Mike in the back. The owl in perched on the swingset. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is holding a shovel. There is a Frisbee in the sandbox. The hot-air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a pirate's hat. Mike and Jenny are pretending to be on a ship. The cat is sitting in the sandbox watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Mike and Jenny are getting out of the sandbox. The duck is in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny want to play with the dog. 
A pie is next to the sandbox. It is a sunny day. Mike is wearing a pirate cap. 
The duck and cat continue the slide argument Mike tells the cat to go first Jenny tells the duck she will get her turn 
Mike is waving at the cat. Jenny is sitting by a duck. Mike is waving at a balloon. 
Mike is talking to the duck. A helicopter is flying. The cat is by Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a duck. Jenny is very excited. 
Jenny is flying the kite. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The cat is watching Jenny. 
Jenny wears sunglasses. Mike wears purple sunglasses. Mike waves and jenny. 
Mike is waving to Jenny Mike is standing next to the duck Jenny is sitting next to the cat 
Jenny is surprised a goose came to play. Mike is excited the goose came to play. The cat is trying to figure out why Mike is excited. 
Mike has purple glasses. Mike is near a duck. Jenny is sitting near a cat. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the tree. A duck and a cat sit with them. Mike and Jenny are smiling at each other. 
Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike wants the bear to go away. There is lightning coming from the cloud. 
The hot dog is in the grass. Mike is in front of the apple tree. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are near a fire. Jenny is eating a hot dog. There is a bear near the fire. 
The bear is behind the tent. Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny wants Mike to share the hot dog. 
The bear has a hotdog. Mike is sitting around the fire. Jenny is sitting around the fire. 
Mike is in the fire. Jenny is near mike. A bear is trying to scare mike. 
Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is sitting by the campfire. The bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is sad because it is storming. Mike  Jenny  and the bear are around a fire. The bear is wearing a crown. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is not happy. Mike is holding a hot-dog. 
Mike is about to eat a hot dog. Jenny and Mike are standing around a camp fire. A brown bear is standing behind Mike. 
Mike and Jenny enjoy their campfire. Mike and Jenny will have pie for dessert. The picnic table is under the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny have build a campfire They have a pie to eat later Mike likes ketchup on his pie 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are sitting beside the campfire. There are two balls beside the picnic table. 
There is a cherry pie on the table. Mike is warming his hands by the fire. Jenny likes to sit by the warm fire. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike is sitting by the picnic table. There is a campfire between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny likes to sit by the warm fire. Mike is wearing a whirlygig hat. The cat is sitting by Mike. 
Mike likes to sit by the fire. The cherry pie is cooling off. The sun is behind the clouds. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting near a campfire. Mike sits next to a pizza. Jenny sits next to a pie. 
Mike builds a campfire. Jenny wears purple sunglasses. Mike and Jenny have a pie to share. 
A bear is on top of an airplane! A cat is on top of a rocket! Jenny and Mike have a pie. 
Jenny looks angrily at the partially blocked sun. The bear is frightened of Mike's angry face. A hot air balloon floats above the tent. 
There is a scary bear. Jenny and Mike are afraid. There is also a snake. 
Jenny looks startled by the snake and bear. Mike doesn't notice the snake and bear. A hot-air balloon flies overhead. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is very aggravated. There is a green snake behind jenny. 
Jenny and Mike dropped the disk. The bear is scared of the snake. The balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is frightened by the bear. Mike is sitting under a hot air balloon. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike is sitting by Jenny The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
A bear is behind Mike and Jenny. Mike is sitting on ground beside Jenny. A snake is behind Jenny. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is near a snake. A bear is standing behind jenny. 
Jenny kicks the ball. A bear sees Jenny. Jenny looks mad at the bear. 
Jenny kicked the ball at the bear. The bear has a baseball bat. The balloon is flying away. 
Jenny is angry at the bear Jenny is wearing a baseball hat Jenny is standing next to the soccer ball 
A bear is standing next to the sandbox. Jenny is kicking a ball. Jenny is mad. 
The bear tries to scare Jenny. Jenny kicks the ball at the bear. The snake runs from Jenny and the bear. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is angry at the bear. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
Jenny scared the bear with the soccer ball. The bear wanted a piece of pie. The pie was on the table. 
Jenny kicks the ball. The bear is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is mad. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. The bear is growling. Jenny kicks the soccer ball. 
The bear is wearing the hat. The bear is scaring Jenny. Jenny is kicking the ball. 
Jenny is holding the hot dog. Mike wants Jenny to share the hot dog. The pie is on the table. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny has a hotdog in her hand. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Mike is playing in the sand box. Jenny has a hot dog. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike is enjoying a hotdog with mustard. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny loves wearing her chef hat. 
Jenny is giving Mike a hot dog. There is a campfire next to the sand box. Mike is playing in the sand box. 
Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Mike is wearing a hat with horns. Mike is eating a hot dog. 
Jenny likes mustard on her hotdogs. Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is going to eat a hot dog. Mike invited Jenny to play in the sandbox. 
Jenny jumped high into the sky. Mike threw the frisbee at Jenny. The turtle is climbing into the sandbox. 
Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny has a hot dog. The sandbox is beside a tree. 
It is raining outside Jenny is crying because it's raining Mike is looking at the fire 
Mike is mad it is raining. Jenny is sad she burned her hand. Mike made a campfire. 
It is raining and lightning out. Jenny and Mike are angry at each other. The dog is next to Mike. 
Mike is sitting under a thunderstorm Jenny waves at Mike Mike is angry at Jenny for being so far away 
Rain drops are falling on the fire. Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny is looking at Mike. 
Mike is very mad. Jenny is near a fire. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. It is raining on the campfire. The dog is standing next to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are surprised that it is raining. The snake is under the tree. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is worried the campfire is too big. Jenny is worried Mike is going to run into the campfire. Mike runs to the fire to put it out. 
Mike thinks the rain will put out the fire. Jenny and the cat are both by the fire. The fire was built near the tent. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is standing by some food. There is an air balloon in the air. 
Mike is kicking the ball. An airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny has brought a pie. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny. The snake crawls around. 
Jenny is near a table. Mike is very happy. Jenny is playing with mike. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. 
Mike kicked a soccer ball to Jenny Jenny is waving to Mike Jenny is standing near the pie 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is waving her hand. The cat is sitting close to Mike. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny Jenny is standing near the pie Mike is standing near the swing set 
There is a pie on the picnic table. There is a hot-air balloon behind the cloud. Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is standing beside a table. A pie is sitting on a table 
Jenny is pointing to a rocket. Mike is holding an owl. Mike and Jenny are near the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the owl. Jenny is standing by the tent. 
The owl is on Mike's shoulder. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is sitting by the tent. 
The owl sits on Mike's shoulder. Mike kicks Jenny the ball. Jenny pretends she is a Viking. 
Mike is holding an owl. Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are standing beside the tent. 
Jenny is wearing a viking hat. The owl is sitting on Mike's shoulder. Mike and Jenny are standing by the tent. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. There is a tent by the bear. Mike and Jenny are playing a game. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Mike is sitting next to the owl. The ball and the frisbee lie on the ground. 
Mike is holding the owl. Mike is wearing a pirate cap. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. 
Mike holds an owl in his hand. Jenny waves to the airplane. Jenny and Mike built a tent. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is playing on the slide. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike wants Jenny to play on the slide with him. Mike shows Jenny the slide he wants to play on. 
Jenny is playing with a kite. Mike is next to the slide. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is flying a kitte. Mike is next to the slide. The slide is next to the sandbox. 
Jenny is flying a colorful kite. Mike is going to climb the slide. Jenny's blue hat has a white star. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The owl watched the kite fly high. Mike saw the helicopter in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a kite. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is climbing the slide. A cat is watching Jenny. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is standing at the slide. Jenny is waving towards Mike. 
Jenny is wearing purple shades. Mike is standing near a slide. Jenny is holding a cloud. 
The bear has a hat. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The bear is holding a soda. 
Mike is angry at the bear. Jenny is running away from the bear. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
The bear has stolen the drink. Jenny runs away in fear. Mike is scolding the bear. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a hat. A bear is wearing a colorful hat. 
Mike is angry because the bear took his hat. Jenny is running because she is scared. The bear is weird a funny hat. 
The bear is wearing a hat. The bear is holding a drink. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
The bear wearing the beanie is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny is crying and running from the bear. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is running away from the bear. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The bear is holding a soda. 
Jenny is holding the water. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is scared of the bear. 
The bear is wearing the hat. The cat is sitting under the tree. Mike is standing next to the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are in the tree. The frisbee is in the tree too. Mike looks a little scared. 
Jenny is in a apple tree. Mike is wearing a vikings hat. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike and Jenny are climbing the tree. A frisbee is in the tree. Mike is sad  but Jenny is happy. 
Jenny is in a tree. Mike is in a tree. A cat is near a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are resting in the grass. Jenny threw the Frisbee. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike doesn't like being in a tree. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a frisbee. 
Mike is above the duck Jenny is wearing a toboggin Jenny throws Mike a frisbee 
Jenny is holding a frisbee. The owl is in between Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are in a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are in a tree. Mike is holding a Frisbee. A bear is under the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting in the tree. Jenny is sitting in the tree. Jenny is holding the frisbee. 
Mike wants the hotdog that Jenny has. The airplane is flying above Mike and Jenny. A large balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. Jenny and Mike are scared. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
A hot-air balloon is in the sky. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the sandbox. Jenny has a hot dog. 
Jenny is holding a hotdog. Mike is sitting on the ground. The airplane and rocketship are going to crash. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike is sitting down near Jenny. There is a pink slide a few feet from Mike and Jenny. 
Mike sees the hot air balloon. Mike wants Jenny's hot dog. Mike kicks the air. 
Jenny has a hotdog Mike and Jenny are yelling. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Mike has a hat on. Jenny has a hot dog. A helicopter is in the air. 
A hot air balloon is flying in the sky. There is a hot dog on the table. A helicopter is flying overhead. 
An airplane is over the tent. Mike and Jenny are scared A helicopter flies over Mike. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very happy. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
The Cat is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is surprised to see the cat. Jenny is happy and sitting on the ground. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. A cat is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is laughing at Mike. 
An orange cat is in the sandbox. The sun is shining. Mike is angry. 
The cat is inside the sandbox. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike and Jenny are smiling at each other. 
Jenny is near mike. Mike is very angry. A cat is in the sand-box. 
A cat is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox  too. Mike is standing beside the sandbox. 
Mike is mad at the cat. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The cat is sitting next to the sandbox. 
The cat is in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is mad at the cat. The cat is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is laughing at the cat in the hat. 
Mike has a tennis ball Jenny has pie and soda Jenny is standing next to the dog 
Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is sitting down. Mike is holding a ball. 
It is raining on Mike. Mike is holding a ball. Jenny wants to play ball  too. 
Mike has a small ball. The dog is looking at Mike. Jenny wants to play with the ball. 
Jenny throws the ball to Mike. Mike does not look happy. Jenny looks very happy. 
Mike is sad because he has fallen down. Jenny wants Mike to play ball. Mike is mad because he fell down. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very excited. Mike is holding a tennis ball. 
Jenny offers to share her soda. Mike found the tennis ball. Mike fell down on the ground. 
The pie is in the tree. Mike holding the ball. Jenny is standing on the slide. 
Mike is sitting on the grass Mike is holding the ball. Jenny has a big smile on her face. 
Mike offers Jenny the baskbetball. Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike brought his dog to the park. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very angry. Jenny is near a apple tree. 
The plane is flying over Jenny. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike is holding the ball. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding the basketball. The dog is beside Mike. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is very upset with mike. Mike is holding a basketball. 
Mike is holding the ball. The pail is on the table. Jenny is sitting by the table. 
Mike is sad that Jenny doesn't want to play. Jenny is angry because she wants the ball. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike do not share well. Jenny wants to go home. Jenny and Mike did not see the airplane. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike is holding a basketball. There is a campfire by the tree. Jenny looks upset at Mike. 
Jenny kicked the football. Mike is catching the football. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny and Mike are playing football. The swing set has two swings. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park. Jenny throws the ball to Mike. Mike jumps to catch the ball. 
A plane flies overhead. Jenny has kicked the football. A dog watches Mike and Jenny play. 
Jenny threw the football to Mike. The dog is beside the tree. Jenny is in front of the tree. 
Jenny is kicking the football to Mike. Mike is getting ready to catch the football. The dog is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is holding the football. The dog is standing under the tree. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
It is a cloudy day. Mike is going to catch the football. Jenny is standing next to the dog. 
There is a flying helicopter. Mike is throwing a football. Jenny is running. 
Jenny is kicking a football. Mike is wearing sunglasses. A cloud is in the sky. 
It's raining on Jenny Jenny sits by the fire There's a helicopter above Jenny 
Jenny is sitting and crying. There is a helicopter in the sky. It is raining outside. 
Jenny is sad that it's raining Jenny is sitting next to the fire Jenny is sitting next to the rain 
There is a helicopter in the air Jenny is kneeling next to the fire It is raining on the fire 
Jenny has built a campfire. Mike is angry about the rain. The helicopter flies in the sky. 
It is raining on the fire. Jenny is waiving her hand. A duck is walking away. 
A helicopter flies by two clouds. Jenny is sad that her campfire is small. A cloud begins to rain above the campfire. 
The rain will fall on Jenny's fire. Jenny wears a colorful cap. Jenny has a pink pail. 
Jenny is by the fire. Jenny is getting rained on. There is a helicopter in the park. 
Jenny is being rained on. Jenny is wearing a crown. The fire is next to Jenny. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is wearing a purple hat. Mike is near jenny. 
Mike is standing in the sand box. Jenny is standing by the swing. The shovel is by the sand box. 
Mike is playing on the swing set. There is a pink shovel by the sandbox. Jenny has blonde hair. 
Mike is sitting  in the grass. jenny is wearing pink. jenny is near a tree. 
Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is very surprised. There is shades in the sand-box. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. A helicopter is close to Mike and Jenny. Jenny is throwing the frisbee. 
Jenny is angry that their apple picking trip is being ruined by lightening. Mike is surprised that the apples are so small. Mike and Jenny's dog is happy to be outside even though it is about to rain. 
Mike is holding the bat. Mike is standing by the tree. The dog is under the tree. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very shocked. Jenny is near a dog. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny is wondering where the ball is. The helicopter is flying above. 
Mike is sad to see the bear Jenny is waving at the bear Mike is sitting in the sand box 
Mike and Jenny see a bear. Mike's hotdog is next to the sand box. It is very sunny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing in the sandbox. The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. The sun is bright in the sky today. 
The bear wanted to catch the tennis ball. Mike had his shovel in the sandbox. Jenny started to throw the bear the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in a sandbox. There is bear near Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny do not see the bear. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. The bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. The bear is beside the campfire. 
The bear scared Mike and Jenny. Jenny is running to scare the bear back. Mike is afraid that Jenny will get hurt. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. The bear is wearing a rainbow hat. 
Jenny and Mike are playing in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny see a bear! The sun is shining brightly. 
Jenny is Crying in the sandbox MIke is sitting next to Jenny in the sandbox The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. There is a hamburger on the grill. 
Mike has a burger in his hand. Jenny is very happy. There are has three hot-dogs on the grill. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is worried about his hamburger. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike offers Jenny a hamburger. Mike is cooking lunch at the park. Jenny is excited that she will get a hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are having a BBQ at the park. Jenny is jumping for joy. Mike is happy to be the chef today. 
Mike put the hamburger onto the grill. Jenny was excited the hamburger was almost done. Mike cooked both hamburgers and hotdogs. 
The sun is shining. Mike and Jenny are smiling. Jenny is holding up a hamburger. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is near a grill. Jenny is near a yellow table. 
Jenny is holding a drink. The hamburger is on the grill. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny is happy because of the hamburger. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
The owl is in the apple tree Mike is helping Jenny get up Mike is wearing black sunglasses 
An owl is sitting on the swing set. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is sitting by the swings. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are waving. 
Jenny is sitting beside the swings. Mike has a pirate hat. Jenny is sad because she wants the hat. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny fell of the swing. An air balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike laughs at Jenny for falling off the swing Mike is standing next to balloons Jenny is sitting next to the swings 
Jenny fell off the swing. Mike is helping Jenny get up. A snake wants to play with Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is sitting by the slide. Mike is playing with the balls. 
Jenny is wearin a pirate hat Mike is wearing a blue hat Mike is beside Jenny 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is sitting under the swingset. The grill has hot dogs on it. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is holding the cat. Mike has a rainbow hat. 
A plane is in the sky. Jenny has glasses on. A cat sits on Jenny's wrist. 
Mike is holding the cat. Jenny wants to hold the cat. Mike is wearing the hat.. 
Mike has the cat in his hands. Jenny wants the cat. The cat likes Mike. 
Mike is showing a cat to Jenny. Mike is wearing a red and white hat. An owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is sitting by the pie. Mike is holding the cat. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Mike hands Jenny the cat. Mike is wearing a winter hat. It is very sunny. 
Mike is holding the cat. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. The cat sees Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a pointy hat. Mike is holding a cat. Mike is wearing a red and gray hat. 
Mike is giving Jenny the cat. The helicopter is flying away. Mike is wearing a beanie. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a cat. Jenny is near a bear. 
Jenny is holding a cat. Jenny is wearing a hat. A bear is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is running from the bear. The cat sits in front of Jenny. The hot air balloon flies over the park. 
There is an orange cat next to Jenny. There is a colorful air balloon flying away. Jenny is scared of the bear. 
The cat is sitting in front of Jenny The bear is trying to scare the cat Jenny is trying to scare the bear 
Mike is throwing a football. A cat is sitting beside a tree. The mustard is on the table. 
Jenny is sitting next to the cat Jenny waves to the wild bear A hot air balloon lands behind Jenny 
Jenny is scared of the bear. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. There is yummy cherries on the tree. 
Jenny is holding the cat. Jenny looks afraid of the bear. Mike is standing under the hot-air balloon. 
Mike is very shock Jenny is near a cat. A bear is near jenny. 
Mike is holding a bat There's a glove beside Jenny jenny is in front of a tree 
Mike is very surprised. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a glove. 
Mike and Jenny are posing with baseball gear on a hot sunny afternoon. Mike and Jenny are enjoying come hot afternoon in the sun. Jenny is waiting for the ball as Mike looks on to hit. 
A scary bear is in the park! Jenny has a baseball bat. Mike has a baseball glove. 
Mike is scared of the owl. Jenny wants to play baseball. An owl has startled Mike. 
A helicopter is flying over the park. Jenny is running with a baseball bat. Mike has on a baseball mitt. 
Mike is wearing a baseball glove. Jenny is swinging a bat. Mike and Jenny are yelling. 
Mike has a bat. Jenny has a glove. Mike is sitting by the swings. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike is angrily holding the baseball bat. Jenny is sitting by the tree. 
The sun is shining bright. Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is holding a baseball glove. 
Jenny is carrying the green snake. Mike is running from Jenny and the snake. Mike runs past the tree. 
Jenny is running in the park. Mike is wearing his sunglasses. There is a snake behind Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is running with the snake. Mike is running towards the apple tree. There is a Frisbee by the tree. 
Mike sees the cat hiding behind the tree. Jenny is chasing Mike. There is a snake at the park! 
Jenny is chasing Mike with the snake. Mike is afraid of the snake. Jenny is laughing at Mike. 
There is a snake in the sandbox. Mike is running from the snake. The snake is wearing a Viking hat. 
Jenny is chasing Mike with the snake. Mike is running away from Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny Caught a green mamba at the park She is trying to scare Mike with the snake Mike knows she doesn't know how deadly it is 
Jenny is chasing the snake. The snake is chasing Mike. An owl is watching Mike and Jenny run. 
The snake wanted to go down the slide but couldn't climb the ladder Jenny is going to help him Mike thinks Jenny has lost her mind 
Mike holds a racket Jenny wears a witch's hat There's lightning behind Jenny 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is holding a tennis racket. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny has a purple witch hat. The lightning hits the ground. The orange cat is near Jenny. 
Jenny is very angry. Jenny is near a cat with a hat on. Mike is angry about the weather. 
Mike is holding a racket. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. A cat is sitting close to Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard's hat. Mike is angrily holding a tennis racquet. Jenny is standing next to a cat. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard's hat. The orange cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is very angry. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. The cat is standing with Jenny. Mike is running with a racket. 
Mike is holding a tennis racket. Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. There is a slide behind Mike. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the racket. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny is going to catch a football. It is raining outside. Mike has a hat with a star on. 
Jenny threw Mike the football. Mike threw Jenny the Frisbee. Jenny could not catch the Frisbee. 
Jenny looks angry while holding the football. Mike is sad that he is getting rained on. There is a hotdog and soda on the table. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny kicked the football. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
It is raining over Mike's head. Jenny is mad because she wants the football. Mike  is wearing sunglasses. 
The cloud is raining on Jenny. Mike threw the football at Jenny. Jenny is upset with Mike about the football. 
The brown owl is in the tree. Rain is coming from the cloud. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is standing by the swing. 
It is raining on Jenny. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is holding a football. 
Jenny is very upset. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is near a foot-ball. 
Mike is sad Jenny is leaving. Jenny is crying because she doesn't have the ball. Jenny is wearing a red and grey snow hat. 
Jenny is holding a hot-dog. Mike is holding a base-ball. Jenny is not happy.. 
Mike is holding the baseball. Jenny is sad because Mike does not want to eat the hot dog. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holdng the ball. Jenny is holding the hot dog. 
Jenny does not want mustard on her hotdog. Mike is throwing a ball. Jenny is wearing black shoes. 
Jenny is running with a hot dog. Mike is jumping with a baseball. Jenny is sad because Mike has the baseball. 
Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny is about to eat a hotdog. There is a bucket with sand near Jenny. 
Jenny dropped her hot dog. Mike wants Jenny to play ball. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. 
A rocket is flying in the sky. Jenny is running with a hot dog. Mike is holding a baseball. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog and crying. Jenny is wearing a winter cap. Mike is looking worried. 
Jenny is worried about the rain. Mike is happy about the rain. It is raining in the park. 
Mike throws the football. Jenny does not like the rain. The Frisbee is getting wet. 
A raincloud is in the sky. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike and Jenny are waving. 
A hot air balloon is in the park. It is starting to rain in the park. Mike and Jenny see the duck. 
Mike and Jenny are in the park. Jenny is saying that its going to rain. Mike looks happy about the rain. 
A plane is flying. Rain is falling down. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Jenny is standing by Mike. Mike is standing by the tree. It is raining at the park. 
Mike has a star on his hat. Jenny is shocked it has started raining. Mike is happy. 
Mike is unhappy about the rain. Jenny is jumping up and down. Jenny is wearing a whirlgig cap. 
The pie is getting rained on. Mike is worried about the rain. Jenny is worried the pie will get wet. 
Jenny is hitting a ball with a bat. A rocket is flying up in the sky. Mike looks sad. 
Mike is very sad. jenny is holding a base-ball bat. Mike is holding a glove. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is carrying a tennis ball. The dog is looking at the tennis ball. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. The dog is brown. A basketball is between Jenny and the dog. 
Mike is waving the dog over. Jenny is carrying a bat. Jenny is wearing a colorful cap. 
Jenny hit the ball with Mike's baseball bat. Mike was sad he didn't have the baseball bat. The dog wanted to chase the tennis ball. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is holding the bat. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is holding the bat. Mike wants to play with the dog. The dog is looking at Mike. 
Mike does not want to play ball with Jenny. Jenny is holding a bat. The dog is brown. 
Jenny is holding the bat. Jenny is hitting the ball. Mike is throwing the ball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the shovel The frisbee is sitting in the box. 
Mike is holding a red shovel. The frisbee is in the sandbox. Mike has a big smile. 
Jenny is sitting in a sandbox. Mike is holding a shovel. Mike is giving the shovel to Jenny. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Mike brought a Frisbee to play with. Mike left his baseball on the ground. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap Mike has a shovel A helicopter flies over Mike 
Mike plans to bury the cat. The cat stares at Mike. A helicopter hovers above the sandbox. 
Mike has a shovel. The sky is clear. A soccer ball is in the sandbox. 
Mike had a shovel to play with. The Frisbee was in the sandbox. The helicopter was flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a hat sideways. The Frisbee is in the sand box. Mike is holding a pink shovel. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the shovel. The frisbee is in the sand box. 
The bear is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Jenny is wearing purple shades. Mike is near a bear. Jenny is very sad. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat Jenny is wearing a funny hat Mike and Jenny want the bear's pie 
Jenny was sad the bear could reach higher. The bear showed the kids how high he could reach. Mike tired to reach an apple. 
The bear is near the soccer ball. It is raining. Mike and Jenny are excited. 
A bear is trying to steal the pie. Mike and Jenny are scared of the bear. A bear is in the campsite. 
There is a duck sitting on the bear. The bear is holding a kite string. Jenny is having a picnic. 
The bear is wearing the hat. Mike is standing by the tree. Jenny is standing by the ber. 
Jenny is crying There is a pie on the picnic table The bear has his hands up 
The bear has Mike's football. Mike is wearing a Viking helmet. Jenny is sad about the football. 
Mike is sitting in a sand-box. jenny is near a sand-box. A cat is near mike. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny wants Mike to see the hot air balloon. Mike has a football and a soccer ball. 
Jenny is very happy. mike is sitting in the sand box. Jenny has on the color pink. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is waving to Mike. There is a picnic table behind Mike. 
Mike is in the sandbox An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny Jenny waves at Mike 
Mike used the shovel to fill the pail with sand. Jenny is going to help Mike make a sand castle. Mike sat in the sand box to build a sand castle. 
Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny is waving at Mike. There is an airplane in the sky. 
Jenny jumps in the air. Mike has a pink bucket. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike plays in the sandbox. Jenny shows mike a hot air balloon Mike and Jenny play in the sun. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox Mike is holding a shovel Jenny is waving to Mike 
Jenny is behind the table There's a helicopter in fron of Jenny Mike wants the pie on the table 
The helicopter is following the plane. Mike and Jenny are happy The dog wants to eat the hamburger. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is holding a hamburger. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very excited. Mike is holding a burger. 
Jenny is waving at a helicopter. Mike is happy because he has a hamburger. The dog has the frisbee. 
Mike has a pie. Jenny has a hamburger. The helicopter is flying low today. 
Mike is excited about lunch. Jenny is shoveling sand. The helicopter flies over. 
Mike is excited about his pie. Jenny is going to eat a hamburger. The dog is watching an airplane. 
Jenny has a pie. Mike has a hamburger. The dog is behind Mike. 
Mike is throwing his hamburger. Jenny is holding a pie. The dog wants some pie. 
Jenny is laughing at Mike. Mike is copying the bear. The bear is brown. 
The dog wants to eat the pie. Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is beside the apple tree. A bear is growling at Mike. 
Jenny is running away from the screaming bear. The screaming bear is frightened of Jenny. Mike laughs as he jumps in the air. 
Jenny is running to Mike. The bear is holding a baseball. The bear is wearing a red and gray hat. 
The bear is holding his arms up. Jenny looks scared. Mike is holding his arms forward. 
The bear is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a catcher's mitt. Jenny is waving to Mike and the bear. 
Jenny is afraid of the bear. Mike sees the bear. The helicopter is in the sky. 
Jenny is scared of Mike and the bear. The bear is behind Mike. Mike does not see the bear. 
It is starting to rain in the park. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. The bear is wearing a baseball hat. 
Jimmy has a pie on his head. Jenny is giddy with glee. Mike balances on one foot. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is holding a bucket. Mike is holding a base-ball. 
Mike has a pie on his head. Mike is holding a tennis racket. Jenny has a frisbee. 
The bear is wearing a chef hat. Mike is playing a game of dress up. Jenny is going to toss the frisbee. 
Jenny is holding a frisbee. Mike is holding a ball. Jenny is happy because Mike has a pie. 
The owl is in the tree. The pie is on Mike's head. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Mike has a pie on his head. Mike is carrying a bucket with his foot. Jenny is throwing a Frisbee. 
Mike is balancing a pie on his head. Jenny happily holds the frisbee for Mike. Mike kicks the red bucket with a smile. 
Mike is kicking a pail. Mike is holding a racket and a ball. Jenny is holding a frisbee. 
Mike has a pie on his head. Jenny prepares to pass the frisbee. Mike has a tennis racket and pail. 
Mike is by the swing set. Jenny is running with a hamburger. Jenny is wearing a cap. 
Jenny is running towards Mike. Mike is at the swing set. The cat is standing at the swing set. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is wearing purple shades. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny has three balloons. Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny is happy and smiling. 
The rocket is in the sky. The cat is watching Jenny. Mike is near the swings. 
Mike is standing near the swings. The yellow picnic table is by the tree. Jenny is running towards Mike. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike was playing on the swing. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Jenny is wearing a whirlygig hat. Mike is trying to get on the swing. Jenny is running toward Mike. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is running to the swings. Mike is scared by a snake. 
Jenny is running beside the table. Mike is running beside the swings. There is a cloud in the sky. 
A helicopter is flying by in the sky. Mike and Jenny are playing a game of frisbee. It looks like rain is coming. 
Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee. The cat is sitting next to the tree. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is waving at Mike Mike is throwing a frisbee. The tree has apples growing on it. 
Mike is catching the frisbee. Jenny threw the frisbee. There is a sandbox. 
Jenny threw a Frisbee. Mike is jumping to catch the Frisbee. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike threw the frisbee to Jenny. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the disc. Mike and Jenny are happy. The airplane is flying above Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is holding the Frisbee. Jenny is wearing the glove. Mike is about to throw the Frisbee. 
Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee. Mike and Jenny don't see the bear yet. The bear will scare Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is going to throw the Frisbee. Mike is going to catch the Frisbee. Jenny and Mike are playing Frisbee. 
Mike kicks a soccer ball. Mike is wearing a baseball cap with a star on it. Mike gets scared when he sees a snake under the tree. 
Mike is sad because he is playing alone. The soccer ball is white and black. The orange cat watches Mike kick the soccer ball. 
Mike is kicking the ball. The cat is sitting under the tree. The sun is shinning is the sky. 
It is a sunny day. Mike kicks the soccer ball. The cat doesn't notice Mike. 
A frisbee is in the sandbox. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. There is a star on Mike's hat. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is scared of the snake. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
A dog is near the sandbox. Mike kicked the soccer ball. A cat is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. The cat is watching Mike. It is raining on the riding toy. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is eating a hotdog. Jenny is standing by a pine tree. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. There is a soda on the table. 
It is raining on Jenny. Mike still wants to play. Jenny does not want to play. 
Mike is wearing hat. jenny is very shock. Mike is very sad. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. There is bad weather at the park toay. Mike has the soccer ball. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is upset that the weather is bad. Jenny wants to go inside. 
Jenny warns Mike not to drink the drink Mike does not listen Jenny tries to tell him the drink causes lightining 
Mike has a hamburger. Mike and Jenny are surprised by storm. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are running from the storm. Jenny is worried the cat will get wet. Jenny is staying dry under the tree. 
Mike sat his pizza on the ground. Jenny waved at Mike. The cat saw the pizza on the ground. 
Mike went down the slide. Jenny is scared of the lightning. There is lighting and rain in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing pink today. Mike is holding the soccer ball. It is raining at the park. 
Jenny is sad because the dog has her shoe. The owl is city under the tree. Mike is angry that the dog is not listening. 
Jenny just kicked the dog. The owl is hiding in the tree. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
An owl is sitting in the apple tree. Jenny is kicking the dog. Mike is sitting under the tree. 
Jenny plays with the brown dog. Mike wears a warm hat. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny is kicking the dog. Mike is wearing a whirlgig hat. The sun behind the fir tree. 
Mike yells at Jenny. Jenny kicks the dog. The owl sits on the picnic table. 
Jenny tried to kick the dog. The owl was under the apple tree. The dog wanted to play with the owl. 
An owl is in the tree. Mike and Jenny look surprised by the dog. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny is kicking at a dog. Mike is reaching for the dog. There is an owl by the tree. 
Jenny is crying Mike tries to calm Jenny down There is a lightning storm 
The airplane is in the sky. Jenny is swinging. Mr. Dog walks away. 
Jenny is swinging on the swings. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. 
Jenny is on the swing. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is having fun. 
Jenny is on the swing set. The burgers are cooking on the grill. An airplane flies over. 
Jenny is sitting on a swing. A cat is sitting in front of Jenny. A rocket is flying in the sky 
Jenny is playing on the swing. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is looking at the duck. 
Jenny is wearing a vikings hat. jenny is very happy. A dog is near jenny. 
Mike wants to play ball. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is playing on the swing. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. The cat is watching Jenny. Lightning is striking near the swing set. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. The swings are by the pine tree. The brown dog is looking around. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike has a hamburger to share with Jenny. It is a nice day at the park. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is near the riding toy. Mike is eating a hamburger. 
There is a plane flying above Jenny and Mike. Mike is about to eat a hamburger. Jenny is waving to someone else. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses and a pirate hat. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Mike is holding a burger. Mike has a purple hat on. Mike is very surprised. 
mike is very surprised. mike has a burger. Jenny is near Mike. 
Jenny is waiving at Mike. Mike is holding a hamburger. Lunch is cooking on the grill. 
Jenny is by the toy. Mike is eating a burger. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is waving at the helicopter. Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is holding the burger. The owl is wearing sun glasses. The owl is sitting on the shovel. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are sitting by the campfire. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting by the fire. Jenny and Mike are wearing hats today. The pink bucket is full of sand. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting near the fire. 
Mike and Jenny are telling campfire stories Jenny is telling about a princess in a story so she has a crown Mike will tell a pirate story 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike has a pirate hat on his head. Mike and Jenny are sitting near the fire. 
Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike is pretending to be a pirate. Mike is telling Jenny a story. 
Mike and Jenny sit by a campfire. Mike and Jenny wear funny hats. Jenny has a crown and Mike has a pirate hat. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are sitting beside the campfire. Mike is sitting beside the tent. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny has a crown on her head. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is holding her drink. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a cap. There is a swingset near Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are having a picnic. Jenny and Mike are waving. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee. Mike threw the Frisbee the wrong way. Mike and Jenny see a friend coming into the park. 
Mike and Jenny wave to a friend. Mike and Jenny were playing on the slide. Mike and Jenny wore sunglasses to the park. 
Mike has new glasses. Mike is waving at the helicopter. Jenny is by the tree. 
Jenny is waving at the helicopter. Mike looks scared of the helicopter. Mike is standing near the dog. 
Mike and Jenny are waving. The tree has red apples. The helicopter is flying over the park. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting near the fire. Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is smiling and waving. 
Jenny and Mike are happy. Mike is jumping in the air. Mike and Jenny are near a slide. 
Mike and Jenny are waving their hands. Jenny is sitting by the dog. The swings are by a tree. 
There is a rocket ship. The cat is sitting by the sandbox. Jenny is throwing a football to Mike. 
Jenny is throwing the football at Mike. The cat is sitting by Mike. There is a rocket in the sky. 
There is a rocket in the sky. Jenny has a football. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Jenny angrily tosses the football in the air. A surprised Mike falls to the floor. An orange cat sits idly by Jenny. 
Jenny is throwing the football at Mike. The rocket is taking off. The cat is sitting near Mike. 
Jenny is an angry witch. Jenny is throwing the football. A rocket ship has launched. 
Jenny wants the football. Mike is standing next to the cat. The rocketship is in the sky. 
Jenny does not want to play with Mike. Mike is in front of the apple tree. The cat is sitting in the grass. 
The cat is behind Mike. Jenny does not want to play football with Mike. Mike is happy that Jenny is going to throw the ball. 
Jenny is holding a football. Mike wants to play football with Jenny. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is standing next to the tent. Jenny is standing by the tent. Jenny is sad because it is about to rain. 
Mike and Jenny are next to a dog Jenny is standing under a cloud Mike is standing under a helicopter 
Jenny is wearing purple glasses. There is a fire next to the tent. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
There is a pail in the sandbox. Jenny and Mike play with a football. The dog is standing near the tent. 
Jenny is jumping up and down. Mike is angry today. The dog is looking at Mike. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is standing next to the tent. 
Mike is looking at Jenny. Jenny is jumping up and down. The tent is by the big tree. 
Jenny is wearing a blue baseball cap. Mike is jogging alongside Jenny. Jenny is standing next to an orange tent. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very shocked. Mike is near a tent. 
Jenny and Mike are standing beside a tent. The tent is beside the tree. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is sitting by the pie. The dog is standing near Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is mad the sun is so hot. Jenny talks to the dog. Jenny has a pie to share. 
Jenny is holding a pie. There are two balls on the grass. The dog wants to eat the pie. 
Jenny is smiling at the dog. The dog wants the pie. Mike is angry at the dog. 
A cloud is beginning to cover the sun. Jenny has baked a pie. Mike is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike looks really angry. Jenny is calling for help. Jenny baked a pie but Mike doesn't want it. 
Mike is mad. The dog wants the pie. Jenny has a pie. 
The dog is wearing Mike's sunglasses. Jenny is planning to throw the pie. Mike jumps up and down in anger. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is holding a pie. a dog is near jenny. 
Jenny wants to pick apples Mike wants to sit in the warm sun Dog likes apples 
A snake is chasing Mike. Mike is camping at the park. The campfire is going beside the tent. 
Mike is running away from a snake. A snake is running towards Mike. Mike and the snake are running away. 
Mike is running away from a snake. Mike is afraid of the snake. Mike is wearing blue tennis shoes. 
Mike is scared of snakes. Mike and Jenny are at the playground. It is sunny outside. 
Mike is afraid of the snake. The snake is on the swings. Mike is holding balloons. 
Mike has the mustard. Mike has a pirate hat on. The snake is sliding behind Mike. 
Mike is wearing the sun glasses. Mike is scared of the snake. The snake is by the table. 
Mike is wearing a Vikings hat. Mike is near a snake. Mike is near a tree. 
A snake is beside the sandbox. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike is running away from the snake Mike is next to a tree The snake is looking at Mike 
An owl sits in the tree. Mike has a funny hat. Mike and Jenny sit next to the swing set. 
Mike is very shocked. Jenny is near a bear. A beach-ball is in the grass. 
The dog has four balloons. Mike is angry because the dog took the balloons. Jenny is surprised because the dog took the balloons. 
Jenny is the sandbox. The sun is out. A dog is near the sandbox. 
Mike is next to a grill. Mike is playing with a basketball. Jenny is waving to someone. 
The table is very small. Mike and Jenny are taller then the swing set. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is wearing a hat with horns. Jenny is waving at the dog. Mike and Jenny have a pie. 
There is a rocket in the sky. The duck and dog are watching each other. Jenny is raising her hands in the air. 
Jenny threw the beachball at Mike's head. Mike is upset with Jenny. Jenny is sitting by the swingset. 
There is a Frisbee beside Mike. There is a helicopter in the sky. Jenny is in front of the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is sitting in the grass. The owl is in the middle of the apple tree. 
Jenny is angry because the soccer ball did not go to Mike. Mike is sitting near the slide. The sun is behind the cloud. 
Jenny wants Mike to catch the soccer ball. Mike wants to rest because he is hot. Jenny is going to play on the bouncy bee. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is looking at the toys. Mike's legs are crossed. 
Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Mike is wearing a witchhat. Mike is sad Jenny took the soccer ball. 
Jenny is standing on one leg. Mike is sitting in the grass. The soccer ball is in front of Mike. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball too hard. Mike cannot catch the ball. The cat sits by Mike. 
Mike is very upset.. Jenny is very upset. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny's hat has a propeller on it. Jenny is playing with the soccer ball. The cat is sitting down. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very mad. A pizza is in the grass. 
Mike wants to eat the cat Jenny wants to eat the pizza The cat wishes the fighting would stop 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a silly hat. The pizza is on the ground. 
Jenny is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is sitting by the pizza. The cat is looking at the ball. 
Mike is not very happy. Jenny his sitting in the grass. There is a pizza in the grass. 
Mike dropped the pizza. Jenny is mad at mike. The cat is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing a colorful cap. The cat sits between Mike and Jenny. There is a pizza on the ground. 
A snake and balloons are in the sky. The pizza is between Mike and Jenny. The cat is watching Mike jump. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is sitting in the gras. Jenny is near a pizza. 
A pizza is on the ground. Mile is yelling at Jenny. A cat is beside the pizza. 
Jenny is holding the burger. Jenny is scared of the snake. Jenny dropped the mustard. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. A snake is following Jenny. Jenny is standing beside a shovel. 
Jenny is running away from the snake. Mike is worried the snake will bite Jenny. Jenny was trying to eat a hamburger. 
Jenny is holding the burger. The helicopter is flying in the sky. The snake is scaring Jenny. 
Jenny is running unhappily. Jenny is carrying a hamburger  and ketchup. A snake is chasing Jenny. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is running with a hamburger. A snake is chasing Jenny. 
Jenny doesn't want to share her burger. The snake wants to talk. The cat is by the fire. 
Jenny is mad that the snake wants her food. The snake is chasing Jenny. There is an apple tree in the park. 
Jenny is running with a hamburger. A snake and owl are behind Jenny. The balloon is on the ground. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is very sad. jenny is running away from a snake. 
Jenny is holding a bucket. Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. Jenny is happy  but Mike is sad. 
Mike is wearing blue shoes. The bear is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox with Mike. 
Mike is afraid of the bear. Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny were playing soccer earlier. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. Mike is sad that there are no toys in the sandbox. The bear is behind Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. Jenny and Mike are playing with the ball. The bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. 
The bear wants to play in the sandbox. Mike doesn't like the bear in the sandbox. Jenny likes to play with the bear. 
Jenny and Mike are playing in the sandbox. The bear is trying to scare Jenny and Mike. It is a nice day at the park. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike has a pirate hat. The bear has a chef hat. 
The bear scares Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny play in the sandbox. Mike is not having fun. 
A bear tries to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny thinks the bear is funny. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Jenny has reached the bottom of the slide. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is near the apple tree. 
Jenny slides down the slide. Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is kicking the ball. The plane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny just went down the slide. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. An owl is sitting in a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the park. Mike kicks the ball to Jenny. Jenny tries to catch the ball. 
Mike is wearing a crown Mike is kicking a soccer ball Jenny is wearing glasses 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is by the tree. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is playing on the slide. A goose watches Mike play soccer. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny slides down the pink slide. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sitting on the slide. A soccer ball is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is not happy. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is wearing a pirate hat Mike is holding balloons 
Jenny is wearing black shades. Jenny is holding balloons. Jenny is very mad. 
Mike holds three colorful balloons. The rain is pouring down on Jenny. Jenny wears a Viking hat in the rain. 
There is a plane in the sky. Mike is holding balloons. Lunch is on the picnic table. 
mike is holding balloons jenny is sitting down the ball is by the sandbox 
Mike brought balloons for Jenny. Jenny is angry at Mike. Jenny is sitting by the bumble bee toy. 
Mike has four balloons. Jenny is unhappy she fell down. Mike is smiling at Jenny. 
Mike is holding some balloons. Jenny is sad because she wants to hold the balloons. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is sitting next to the dog Mike is holding the balloons Mike is standing next to the slide 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The dog and cat are sitting together. Jenny is smiling at the cat and dog. 
Mike wants to play football. Jenny wore her baseball hat. The cat and dog are friends. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Jenny is waving at the rocket. Jenny is smiling. 
Jenny started the fire. The rocket took off and flew over Jenny. The cat sat by the table. 
Jenny wears sunglasses with no sun. The dog and cat watch Jenny. Jenny made a campfire. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is excited. The dog is standing by the cat. 
The cat is sitting next to Jenny. The pizza is on the table. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is catching the ball. The dog is standing by the ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike makes lunch for Jenny. Jenny is happy that it is time to eat. 
Jenny is jumping up and down. The cat is sitting by Jenny. The dog is standing by the cat. 
Mike has on a blue baseball hat. Jenny is afraid she will not catch the beach ball. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play. 
Mike is catching the ball. Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is standing by the tent. 
Jenny is standing by the apple tree. Mike is happy playing with Jenny. The beach ball has six different colors. 
A cloud is raining on Jenny. Jenny is holding a beach ball. Mike is sitting under the tree. 
Mike throws the football to Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball. Jenny is in front of the tree. There are no apples on the tree. 
Mike is throwing a baseball to Jenny. A snake is in the sandbox drinking a drink. Jenny is surprised by the baseball. 
Jenny threw the football. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. There is rain in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are throwing a basketball. Mike is standing by an apple tree. Jenny is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike is wearing glasses. Jenny does not want Mike to throw the ball. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Jenny is making a scary face. Mike's hat has a star on it. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is mad  and Mike is sad. 
The apples on the tree are red. Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is happy to play with the ball. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is worried the ball will go in the fire. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. 
It is raining on Jenny. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. There is one cloud in the sky. A helicopter flies overhead. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The cat is up in the tree. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
Mike is watching the helicopter. Jenny wants to play soccer instead. The dog wants to talk to Jenny. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball into the sandbox. Mike is running to get the soccer ball. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Mike has a snake. Jenny is afraid of the snake. A ball is near Jenny. 
Jenny is angry at Mike. The slide is red and grey. A cat is sitting under a tree. 
Jenny looks like she wants to hit Mike. The owl is on the playground equipment. Jenny and Mike are by the picnic table. 
Jenny and Mike are mad. Jenny and mike are grilling. Jenny's cat is in the sandbox. 
Jenny wants to hit Mike. Mike says he's sorry to Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. Mike is mad becaues the hot dog is on the ground. Jenny and Mike are not getting along. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. A hot air balloon is in the sky. The picnic table is beside the tree. 
Jenny is Angry and Mike is wet A hot air balloon ia in the sky. Jenny and Mike are going camping. 
Mike is very shock. Mike is wearing a hat. jenny is very angry. 
Jenny is mad that it is raining. Mike is getting wet. The snake is going somewhere dry. 
The cat is sitting beside the pizza. The pizza is under the picnic table. The tree is behind the slide. 
Jenny is upset her pizza feel on the ground The cat is not excited about the pizza The picnic table is shaded by the tree 
The tree is very tall. The picnic table is yellow. The pizza is on the ground. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is sitting on a table. A cat is under a table. 
Mike pretends he is a pirate. The pizza is under the table. The cat sees the pizza. 
A helicopter is flying over a beautiful park. There is a Yellow table in the park beside a green tree. underneath the yellow table there is a cat and a pizza 
The cat is alone under the table. The cat is looking at the pizza. There is a ball next to the tree. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Mike and Jenny will have pizza for lunch. Mike and Jenny are angry. 
The cat ate a piece of pizza. The cat was hiding under the table with the pizza. Mike was mad he couldn't find the pizza. 
A cat is under the picnic table. A pizza is on top of the picnic table. A drink is sitting next to the pizza. 
A surprised looking Jenny is wearing a hat. The pizza sits on the yellow table. An angry Mike sits next to the frisbee. 
Mike is kicking the table. The rain is coming. Jenny is trying to comfort Mike. 
Jenny and Mike look upset. Jenny is crying over the pizza. Mike is sitting on the picnic table. 
Jenny sees that the pie is all gone. Jenny is upset because there is no more pie! Mike is upset at Jenny for yelling about the missing pie. 
Mike is sitting under the apple tree. Jenny is standing by the picnic table. There is pizza and soda pop on the table. 
Mike is standing by Jenny. Jenny is standing by the table. The pizza is sitting on the table. 
A rocket takes off nearby. A pizza is on the table. Mike looks angry at Jenny. 
There is a pizza on the table. The beach ball has many colors. Mike is angry with Jenny. 
Mike is sitting under the tree. Jenny is holding the pizza. Jenny is standing by the table. 
Mike is quite angry. A pizza is on the table. Some fruit is on the tree. 
Jenny is holding the balloons. The plane is flying in the sky. The balls are in the grass. 
Jenny has balloons. Jenny is going down the slide. Jenny looks angry. 
Jenny is holding balloons. There is a ball near the sand pit. Jenny looks angry. 
Jenny has three balloons. The dog is near Jenny. Jenny is on the slide. 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is angrily watching Jenny. There are three balls on the ground. 
Jenny is sitting on the slide. Mike is sitting in the sandbox. The helicopter is landing in the park. 
Jenny is angry because the helicopter is loud. Jenny is holding pretty ballons. The soccer ball is on the ground by the slide. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Jenny is sitting at the top of the slide. Jenny is holding four balloons. 
Jenny is wearing a clown. A helicopter flies in the sky. Jenny loves to play on the slide. 
Jenny is sitting on the slide. Jenny is holding the balloons. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is very upset.. Mike is very happy. A owl is on a swing set. 
An owl is perched on the swing set. Mike is holding a colorful ball. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Jenny has a colorful hat. The owl is on the swing. The dog is beside Jenny. 
The owl is on the swing. The sun is in the sky. The dog is beside Jenny. 
The owl is on the swing. Mike is laughing at the owl. Jenny is mad that the owl will not move. 
An owl is sitting on the swing. Mike is laughing at the owl. Jenny is going to throw mustard at the owl. 
The owl is on top of the swing set. Mike is waving at the owl. Jenny is angry that the owl will not move. 
The owl is sitting on the swing. Jenny is mad at the owl. The dog is standing beside Mike. 
The owl likes the swingset. Mike likes to watch the owl swing. Jenny is standing in the rain. 
Jenny is mad because the owl is sitting in the swing. Mike is sitting beside the dog. The sun is shining very brightly. 
Mike falls on the ground. Mike is mad at the cat. Jenny offers to help Mike up. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. The cat is between Mike and the table. Jenny is running toward Mike. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is sitting by the cat. Jenny is crying as she runs. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is sitting under the tree. The picnic table is behind the tree. 
Mike is sitting next to the cat. Mike is speaking angrily to Jenny. Jenny looks very sad. 
Mike is sitting under the apple tree. The cat is sitting in front of Mike. Jenny is upset that Mike is sitting. 
Mike is sitting with the cat. Jenny is running towards Mike crying. A basketball is at Mike's feet. 
Mike is mad he slipped and fell. Jenny is running to Mike. Jenny wants to play basketball with Mike. 
Jenny is quite sad. A cloud is in the sky. A cat is near Mike. 
Mike does not want to play with the cat. The basketball is next to Mike. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny made a pizza for Mike. Mike is happy the sun is so warm. 
Jenny has a pizza. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike is wearing a funny hat. 
Jenny happily tosses the pizza in the air. A surprised Mike tries to catch the pizza. A yellow table sits between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing a chief hat. Jenny is holding a pizza. 
Jenny is sad that she has to share her pizza. Mike has a soda. It is a nice day today. 
Jenny is a chef. Jenny calls Mike for Pizza. Mike is playing with a ball. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is very happy. Jenny is holding a pizza. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is wearing a chief's hat. Jenny is holding a pizza. 
Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike and Jenny are standing near a picnic table. 
Jenny made a pizza. Mike waves at Jenny. Mike wears a hat. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Mike has on black sunglasses. Jenny has on purple sunglasses. 
A cloud and sun are in the sky. Apples are growing on the tree. Jenny and Mike are playing with the beachball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with the beach ball. The cat watches Jenny and Mike play. There is a rocket in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. The beach ball has six different colors. The apple tree has five apples on it. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. The sun is shining. There is a pie on the table. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The cat is sitting under the tree. Jenny is kicking the ball. 
Jenny kicked the beach ball. Mike waves at Jenny. Mike wore his viking hat to the park. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the beach ball. Jenny kicked the beach ball to Mike. Mike will try to catch the beach ball Jenny kicked. 
Jenny kicks Mike the ball. Mike say 'Arg!' because he is wearing a pirate hat. Mike waves to Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Mike is wearing a cap. There is one small cloud in the sky. 
Mike is angry it is raining. Jenny is jumping in the air. The dog likes tennis balls. 
Mike is angry because it is raining. Jenny has a tennis ball. Mike has a hamburger. 
Mike is mad it is raining. Jenny has a tennis ball. There is a snake under the tree. 
Jenny is throwing a tennis ball. Mike is angry that it is raining. The snake is slithering away. 
Mike is mad it is raining. Jenny is throwing the tennis ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is eating pizza. Jenny is playing with a tennis ball. It is raining on Mike and his pizza. 
Jenny stole Mike's tennis ball Mike is not happy that it is raining Jenny is going to hide form Mike under the table 
Mike is mad because it is raining. Jenny is sitting by the tree. Jenny is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is mad because he wants the ball. It is raining at the park today. 
It's raining on Mike an owl is behind Jenny Jenny is beside Mike 
Jenny slides down the pink slide. Mike wears sunglasses. Jenny sees a hot air balloon. 
Mike is sitting by the slide wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is trying to throw her soccer ball up the slide but it is not working. Jenny is surprised to see Mike wearing her purple sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Mike and Jenny are wearing glasses. Jenny is wearing Mike's blue cap. 
Mike has a viking helmet on Mike is about to eat a hot dog Jenny is sliding with silly glasses. 
Jenny is sliding down a slide. Mike is happy to be at the park. Jenny is wearing sunglasses because it is sunny. 
Jenny is on the slide. The table is empty. Mike has some sunglasses on. 
Jenny is on the slide. Mike has sunglasses on. A balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny goes down the slide. Mike sits in the grass. Mike sits near the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the apple tree. Mike is telling Jenny a story. Mike and Jenny are glad the sun is shining. 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is sitting by the slide's bottom. Both Jenny and Mike are wearing glasses. 
Jenny is flying a kite and holding a ball. The duck is watching Jenny. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is holding a base-ball. 
Mike is playing baseball. A cat is sitting next to Mike. Jenny is playing with a beach ball. 
A plane is in the sky. Mike throws the baseball. A dog watches Mike. 
It is cloudy at the park today. Jenny is sad there is a snake on the ground. Mike is waiting for Jenny to play catch with him. 
Jenny brought a bunch of balloons. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike has a baseball mitt on. 
Jenny is flying in the air! Mike is throwing a basketball over his head. The sun is hiding behind the cloud. 
Jenny is trying to jump to the airplane. Mike is waving at Jenny. An airplane is flying by in the sky. 
Jenny is far away from Mike. Mike is playing ball. Jenny has brought balloons. 
Mike is playing with the basketball. Jenny is flying a kite. The duck is walking across the grass. 
Jenny is angry that Mike is kicking a ball. Mike kicks a soccer ball. There is a tree in between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is holding balloons. 
The bear is roaring at the owl. Jenny is angrily waving to Mike. Mike has kicked the soccer ball towards Jenny. 
Mike is kicking a soccer-ball. Jenny is holding a soda-can. There is a duck in the grass. 
Mike is very happy. jenny is not so happy. Mike is playing with a soccer-ball. 
Mike kick the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny jumps up and down. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is angry. It is lightning. 
Mike's cat is watching the rocket. Mike is happy to be playing soccer. Jenny is upset because she wants to go swimming. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The duck is standing on the grill. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike wants Jenny to give him the soccer ball. An airplane is flying over the park. Jenny has a soccer ball. 
The owl sees Mike. Jenny is in the sandbox. The cat sees Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny wave. Mike wants to play soccer. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. 
There is a pail in the sandbox. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny and Mike wave to each other. The pail is full of sand. 
Mike wants to share his food to Jenny. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. A hot air balloon flies by. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
The cat is wearing sunglasses in the sandbox. Jenny hurts from the ball that hit her head. Mike is sorry that he through the ball at Jenny's head. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. There is a pie in the sandbox. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny plays in the sand. Mike is in the tent. Miss Cat watches Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike is wearing purple shades. Mike is near a soccer ball. Jenny is near a dog. 
Mike happily kicks the soccer ball. A giant cloud hangs over Jenny. A smiling dog stares at the bumblebee ride. 
Jenny is throwing the frisbee. Jenny is kicking the ball. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny talks to the dog. Mike has on a colorful hat. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is sitting next to the dog. Mike and Jenny are very happy. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The dog watches Jenny as she plays. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. mike is playing soccer. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is playing with the dog. Jenny is sad. 
Jenny is throwing a tennis ball. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The dog is standing beside Jenny. 
Mike is playing with the soccer ball. Jenny is playing with the dog. The red and yellow hot air balloon floats over the park. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is playing with his baseball bat. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
A plane is flying in the sky. Jenny is crying as she flies the kite. The snake is slithering by Mike. 
Jenny flies a kite. Mike is afraid of the snake. Mike is holding a baseball bat. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny runs to see Mike. The green snake watches Jenny. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. Mike is afraid of the snake. 
jenny is near mike. A snake is near mike. Mike is holding a bat. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a baseball bat. The snake is green. 
Mike fell on the ground. Jenny flies a kite. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Jenny flies a kite. Mike plays with a bat. Mike and Jenny see a snake. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny is sad that Mike fell. 
Jenny is dancing next to the snake. Mike is surprised Jenny is so happy. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny tries to kick the snake Mike doesn't want Jenny to kick the snake Mike and Jenny are standing under the sun 
There is a plane in the sky. The snake is wearing a helicopter hat. Mike and Jenny are looking at the snake. 
Jenny is in front of a snake. mike is near a green snake. jenny is wearing shades. 
There is a helicopter. Jenny is surprised by the snake. Mike says something to Jenny. 
Jeny is kicking the snake. The sand box is empty. There are many apples in the tree. 
Jenny kicks the snake. Mike and Jenny talk. Mike wants to play baseball. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike dropped the ball The snake scared Jenny 
Jenny is holding a tennis racket. There is a snake on the grass. Mike yells at Jenny. 
Jenny kicked the snake. Mike missed the ball. It's sunny at the park. 
Jenny is standing next to the tree. Mike and Jenny are standing by the fire. There is a picnic table behind Mike. 
Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Jenny is standing by the fire. Mike is standing by the fire. The dog is standing by the swing. 
Jenny is crying because she has burned her foot on the fire. Mike and Jenny have a variety of balls to play with. A beach ball  a basketball and a baseball. Mike is wearing a beanie and warming his hands over the fire. 
Jenny is kicking the fire Mike and Jenny are standing next to the fire Mike is standing next to the owl 
There are three trees. Jenny is beside the campfire. Jenny is mad  but Mike is happy. 
Jenny is kicking at the fire. Mike is holding the drink. Mike is sitting behind the fire. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny does not want to play with Mike. Mike is next to the tent. 
A fire is between Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing a pink dress. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
Mike is near fire. Jenny is near a tree. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike and Jenny are jumping in the air. A cat is sitting next to Mike. A dog is standing next to Jenny. 
The plane is on the ground. Mike and Jenny are scared. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the airplane. The cat and dog are playing on the airplane. Everyone is going for a ride on the airplane. 
Jenny is holding balloons. The cat is beside Mike. The dog is in front of Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are standing on an airplane. A dog and a cat are with Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny have arms in the air. 
Mike and Jenny ride an airplane. The dog is riding on the airplane. Mike is scared of the airplane ride. 
Mike is standing on the plane. Jenny is in front of Mike. The cat is sitting in the front of the plan. 
Mike and Jenny are standing on an airplane A dog is standing between Mike and Jenny. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is dancing. Jenny is scared! The dog is on the wing of the airplane. 
Jenny is sitting on the air plane. Mike is sitting on the air plane. The dog is sitting on the air plane. 
The snake is next to the bear. Mike waves the tennis racket at the bear. Jenny is very sad. 
Mike is scared of the snake. The bear is trying to scare Mike. Jenny is not scared of the bear or the snake. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. The snake is next to the bear. Mike is trying to kick the snake. 
Mike wants to play tennis. Mike wears a blue cap. Jenny wears a colorful cap. 
The snake is next to the bear. Jenny is scared of the snake and the bear. Mike will scare away the snake and the bear. 
Jenny is sad because there is a snake. Mike is angry because of the bear. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is holding a rack. Jenny is near mike. Mike is near a snake. 
Mike has a racquet in his hand. Jenny is trying to kick the bear. The bear has his arms up. 
Mike is holding a tennis rack. Mike is near a snake. Mike is near a tree. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike is holding the racket. Jenny is standing by Mike. 
There is no one at the park today. There is a hamburger on the picnic table. The dog wants the hotdog. 
The dog is wearing sunglasses. An owl waits in the tree. A picnic lunch waits on the table. 
There is an owl in the tree. There are eleven ripe apples. The dog is looking at the hot dog on the table. 
The owl is on the picnic table. There is food on the picnic table. The dog is looking at the picnic table. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. A hotdog is on the picnic table. A hamburger is on the picnic table  too. 
Mike and Jenny are happy to play today. Mike sits next to a yellow table. Mike and Jenny share lunch. 
The dog wants the food on the picnic table. The owl is looking at the hamburger. The dog is standing next to the table. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. A dog is looking at the hotdog. The hamburger is on the picnic table. 
The dog is looking at food on the table. Mike is holding a ball. The owl is in the tree. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. The dog is staring at the food. An airplane is flying by. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is scared of the snake. The snake is scaring the Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the snake. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Jenny and Mike are running from the snake. Jenny is wearing black shoes. There are red apples on the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the snake. The snake scared Mike and Jenny away. It is getting cloudy in the park. 
Jenny is running from a snake. Mike is running from a snake. Mike and Jenny look scared. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the snake. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. The sun is shining high in the sky. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Jenny and Mike are running away from the snake. There is a pair of sunglasses on the playground equipment. 
Jenny is running away. Mike is near a green snake. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
The green snake chases Mike and Jenny. Mike is sad because the snake scares him. Jenny runs away from the snake. 
Mike and Jenny are scared. Mike and Jenny run from the snake. Jenny forgot her sunglasses. 
The dog is playing in the sandbox. Mike is happy to see the dog. There is white cloud in the sky. 
Mike found a basketball. Mike is happy. The dog wants to play frisbee. 
Mike is near a dog. A dog is near a sand-box. A ball is in the sand-box. 
A frisbee is in the sandbox. Two balls are in the sandbox. The dog is standing beside the sandbox. 
There are toys in the sandbox. The dog is watching Mike. Mike is jumping up and down. 
The dog has a Frisbee. There is a basketball in the sandbox. Mike is standing by the sandbox. 
There are two balls in the sandbox. The dog is looking at the ball. Mike is standing beside the dog. 
Some balls are in the sandbox. Mike is quite excited. A dog is near Mike. 
All the toys are in the sandbox. Mike is playing alone today. The dog is standing in the sun. 
Mike is near a dog. A basket-ball is in a sand-pbox A beach-ball is in the sand-box. 
Jenny is eating a hotdog. Mike is eating a pie. Jenny and Mike are wearing hats. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny and Mike sit near a pie. The pail is full of sand. 
Mike shares his hot dog with Jenny. Jenny shares her pie with Mike. An airplane flies by. 
Jenny is wearin a chef hat Mike is holding a hot dog Jenny is holding a pie 
Mike has a hot dog. A pie is near Jenny. An airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny brought a pie to share. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. 
Mike is wearing a silly colorful hat. Jenny's crown has blue and red gems on it. The airplane is flying low to the ground. 
An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny. Mike eats a hotdog. Jenny eats some pie. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is running over to Mike at the table. The table holds a pie and a hot dog. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is in front of the tree. The airplane is in the sky. 
Four balloons are next to the table. The cat is under the table. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are having fun at the park. The soda is on the table. Jenny and Mike sit by the picnic table. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike just finished playing football. The bear is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike is waving at Jenny. Jenny is waving at Mike. There is a pail on the ground. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. A drink is on the table. Jenny is standing next to the table. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. There is a soda on the table. There is a bottle of mustard on the table. 
The dog is standing in front of the table The drink is on the table Mike is wearing a silly hat 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is really joyful. There is a yellow table in the grass. 
Jenny put the soda and mustard on the table. Mike helped Jenny put things on the table. Mike was proud of his campfire. 
Jenny is in front of a table Mike is in front of an apple tree There's a beachball beside Jenny 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the bat. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is angry at Jenny for kicking him. Mike and Jenny are in front of the swing. The apple tree is near the swing set. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Jenny is kicking Mike. Mike fell down on the grass. 
Jenny kicks Mike. Mike is mean to Jenny. The duck watches Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking at Mike. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. Jenny is next to the ball. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Mike is standing by the tree. The hat is next to the tree. Jenny is kicking the ball. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. The helicopter is flying high. No one is playing on the swingset. 
Mike is angry that Jenny kicked the ball. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. There are seven apples on the tree. 
Jenny is running. Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a base-ball glove. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is running from the storm. 
A duck is near Mike An owl is in the tree. Lightning is coming out of the cloud. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat Jenny runs from the lighting There is a bear behind Jenny 
Jenny is running away. Mike is by a soccer-ball. Mike is very surprised. 
There is a duck on top of Mike. Jenny is wearing a wizard hat. Jenny is running away while holding a tennis racket. 
Jenny is running from the lightning. Mike is wearing a wizard hat. Mike is jumping in the air. 
A bolt of lightning is in the sky. Jenny is running away. There is a hole in the tree. 
Jenny is frightened by the thunderstorm. Mike is excited over the thunderstorm. The dog watches Jenny. 
Mike is laughing at Jenny. Jenny is afraid of lightening. The cat is not amused and wants a hotdog. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is sitting in the grass. A cloud is in front of the sun. 
Jenny has a pizza. Mike is sitting on the ground. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Mike is waiting to try the pizza. Jenny is carrying the pizza to Mike. Jenny baked the pizza. 
Jenny dropped the pizza. Mike is wearing a chef hat. The sun is shining high above. 
Jenny has a pizza. Mike is very excited. The swings are empty. 
Jenny brought a pepperoni pizza for lunch. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike can't wait to eat pepperoni pizza. 
Jenny is holding out the pizza. Mike is sitting and waiting for the pizza. The dog is next to Jenny. 
Mike is sitting next to Jenny. Jenny is holding the pizza. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is serving the pizza to Mike. Mike likes to eat pizza. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is excited to eat the pizza. There is a single cloud overhead. 
Eating pizza Resting serving 
Two balls are in the sandbox. Mike is looking at the toy bee. Mike is next to the sandbox. 
Mike found the toys in the sandbox. Mike left his baseball cap on the spring toy. Jenny sees Mike and waves hello. 
Mike threw the basketball in the sandbox. There is a gray cloud in the sky. The riding toy is wearing a baseball cap. 
There are two balls in the sandbox. The hat is on the riding toy. Mike is happy and waving. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. The baseball is in the sandbox. Mike wants to go on the riding toy. 
There is a hat on the spring rider. It is a sunny day. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
The hat is on the riding toy. There are two balls in the sandbox. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike is waving to the bubble bee ride. The bubble bee is wearing a blue baseball hat. The balls are in the sand box. 
Mike put his hat on the playground toy. There are three balls for Mike to play with. Mike is waving to the yellow toy. 
There is a baseball in the sandbox. The riding toy has a blue hat. There is a basketball in the sandbox. 
The picnic table was next to the grill. The cloud had lighting coming out of it. The spring toy was a yellow bumblebee. 
No one is at the park today. There are three hotdogs on the grill. The snake is slithering about. 
There is lightening in the sky. A toy is beside the tree. A grill is beside the picnic table. 
The snake is under the table. Lightning is striking from the cloud. The grill is next to the tree. 
The table is yellow. Lightening is coming from one of the clouds. The grill is near the table. A grill has three hot-dogs on it. There is a tree near a grill. There is a yellow table near a grill. 
The table is by the tree. The pit is by the table. The cloud is in the sky. 
The duck is wearing sunglasses. The duck sees the lightning flash. A large toy is on the table. 
There are three hot-dogs on a grill. There is a snake in the grass. There is a tree near a table. 
The mustard is on the picnic table. The grill is ready for cooking. There is lightning in the sky. 
The bear is behind the tree. The table is in front of the tree. The grill is in front of the table. 
Mike is very shocked. Mike is near  a table. Jenny is reaching for a pizza. 
A pizza is on the table. Jenny holds out her arms to Mike. Mike is sitting under an apple tree. 
There is pizza on the table. A dog is standing beside the table. Mike and Jenny are standing beside the table. 
The pizza is on the table. Mike and Jenny are beside the table. Mike and Jenny are surprised. 
Jenny made a pizza. Jenny wers sunglasses for the sun. Mike wants the pizza. 
Mike has on sunglasses. Jenny is reaching toward the food. Mike is holding his arms up. 
There is a pizza on the picnic table. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is smiling and waving to Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is talking to mike. Jenny is standing next to the table. 
Mike sees a yummy picnic. Jenny is happy to eat pizza. Jenny runs to the picnic table. 
Mike is jumping of the ground. Jenny is standing near the table. The pizza is on the table. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is holding a football. Jenny wants to kick the football. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the football. The duck is between Mike and Jenny. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny kicked the blue duck. Mike has the football in his hands. Lightning is coming from the cloud. 
A large bolt of lightning is striking. Jenny has kicked the football to Mike. A duck is watching Mike. 
Mike is happy to be playing football. Jenny is mad because Mike won't let her kick the ball. Mike and Jenny won't be playing for long  the weather is about to get bad. 
Mike is holding a football. Mike is next to a duck. Jenny is running to Mike. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny is kicking angrily. The duck is between Jenny and Mike. 
A helicopter flies overhead. The duck walks toward Mike. Jenny kicks her foot in anger. 
The helicopter is in danger. Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike has the football. 
Jenny has kicked the football to Mike. Jenny is angry because the lightening will ruin the football game she is playing with Mike. There is a duck trying to ruin Mike and Jenny's football game. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The duck is in front of Jenny. Jenny is running away. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking the ball in the yard. The is a duck with Mike and Jenny. The tree is in the yard with Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are both kicking a ball. It is a sunny day. A duck is standing nearby. 
Mike tried to kick the duck. Jenny kicked the baseball. The duck likes to play ball with Jenny. 
Jenny is surprised by the duck. The cloud is raining. Jenny kicked the ball. 
Mike is kicking a football The sun is shining brightly. The duck is walking slowly. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. Jenny is kicking a beach ball. Mike is holding soda. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball towards Jenny. A small helicopter flies above the soccer ball. The blue duck waddles next to Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is kicking the ball. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. There is a hamburger on the table. The mustard is by the hamburger. 
Mike is sitting next to the campfire. A hamburger and mustard are on the table. The tree is bursting with apples. 
Mike is enjoying his campfire. Mike is resting in the grass. The dog is standing under the apple tree. 
Mike's picnic is going well Mike is going to have a burger after he is done meditating Mike is not at all worried about the fire. 
Mike is flying a kite. Mike is sitting by the campfire. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
The bear is trying to scare the duck. Mike is sitting by the fire. The apple tree has ripe apples on it. 
Mike is holding a hamburger Mike sits beside a fire There's mustard beside Mike 
Mike made a campfire. Mike is enjoying his campfire. Mike wore a beanie today. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Mike has a baseball hat with a white star on. The helicopter is flying high in the sky. 
The dog is floating on a cloud. Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
An owl is in the tree. Mike is sitting in the grass. The cat is sitting beside Mike. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. There is a dog with a blue collar. mike has both his hands out. 
Mike is petting the cat. A hamburger is on the picnic table. The bucket is sitting beside Mike. 
Jenny is riding the rocket. Mike is sitting on the ground with the cat. There are hamburgers on the grill. 
Jenny is riding on a rocket. Mike is playing with the cat. The cat is sitting near Mike. 
Mike a very happy. Mike is sitting by a cat. Mike is near a tree. 
Jenny is riding a rocket. Mike is petting a cat. A soccer ball is beside the sandbox. 
Jenny rode her rocket into a rain cloud. Mike is having a conversation with the cat. The cat is bored with the park. 
Jenny is flying on a space ship. Mike's face is sad. A cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Jenny flew off on a rocket ship. Mike is petting the cat. The rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Mike is standing by the ball. Jenny is cooking the hot dog. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a chefs hat. Jenny does not look happy. There is a hotdog on the grill. 
Jenny and Mike are fighting over the hotdog. The dog is wearing a blue collar. The hotdog is burning on the grill. 
mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is very angry. Mike is holding a hot-dog. 
Mike likes hotdogs with mustard. Jenny is afraid of thunder. Mike is wearing a whirlygig hat. 
Mike is holding a hotdog. The brown dog is standing next to Mike. The plane is above Jenny. 
Mike is holding the ketchup. Jenny is sad that there is not ketchup on her hot dog. Mike is surprised that there is only one hot dog. 
Jenny worries Mike doesn't have enough mustard. Mike asked Jenny to bring him the mustard fast. Mike and Jenny are eating hotdogs in the park. 
The hotdog is on the grill. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is beside the grill. 
A dog is beside the grill. Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny and Mike are mad. 
The bear is afraid of the duck. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The balloon is up high in the sky. 
Jenny is sad because her duck is sick. The bear has scared Jenny away from her picnic. As if the bear was not enough to ruin the picnic now it has started to rain. 
The duck is next to Jenny. The bear is wearing a crown. Jenny is sad about something. 
Jenny calls the duck Jenny stands in front of the tent There's a fire in front of Jenny 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Jenny is running with the duck. The campfire is burning by the bear. 
Jenny runs from the bear. The bear growls at Jenny. The duck does not see the bear. 
Jenny is standing near a fire. Jenny sees a bear with glasses. Jenny is wearing a blue cap. 
Jenny is holding a duck. Jenny is standing beside a tent. A bear is standing in front of a table. 
Jenny is running away from a bear. Jenny is in front of an orange tent. A bear is standing in front of a tree. 
Jenny is holding a duck by the tent. Jenny is sad today. The bear is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is kicking a ball the Jenny. A bear is standing next to Mike Jenny is scared by the bear next to Mike 
Jeannie is kicking the ball to Mike. The bear is behind Mike. There are apples on the tree. 
Mike is kicking the football. A bear is behind Mike. Jenny is scared of the bear. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike is angry at the bear. 
Mike and Jenny try to scare the bear with their feet. A cat is sitting in the sand box. Mike and Jenny made a fire earlier. 
The bear is next to the tree. Mike and Jenny are scared. The bear scared Mike and Jenny. 
Mike kicks Jenny. Jenny cries because the bear scares her. Mike is being mean to Jenny. 
Mike is kicking the basketball. Jenny is kicking the hamburger. The bear is standing on a cloud. 
Jenny is kicking a football. Mike is skipping with a bat. A bear is standing between Jenny and Mike. 
A bear is coming towards Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny try to scare the bear. Mike and Jenny run from the bear. 
The frisbee is sitting on the slide. Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny is running away. 
A brown bear is standing on the grass. A cat is sitting in a sandbox. Mike is playing with a bat. 
Mike is going to play baseball. A helicopter is flying nearby. Jenny is wearing a propeller hat. 
Mike is wearing a witch a hat. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Mike is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny has a viking hat. Mike has a bat. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike is holding the baseball bat. There is a tennis ball in front of the tree. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is running away from mike. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is running away. Mike and Jenny were frightened by the helicoptor. 
There is a helicopter flying in the air. Jenny and Mike are running together. Mike and Jenny are racing to the tree. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is running away from Mike. Jenny is scared of Mike. 
Jenny is crying with soda in her hand. Mike is playing with the soccer ball. Apples are growing on the tree. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is holding the water. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is holding the water. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is holding the water. The dog is holding the ball. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is playing with a soccer-ball. Mike is very happy. 
Jenny has on a pink Jumper. Mike is kicking a soccer-ball. Mike has on blue shoes. 
Mike kicks a soccer ball. Jenny has a cold drink. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is holding the water. Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is worried the ball will spill her soda. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball at Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing by a fire. Jenny is nearly as big as the tree. 
Jenny kicked the ball to mike. Jenny is angry at Mike. Mike is trying to catch the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are about to eat some pie. There is a thunderstorm in the sky. Mike and Jenny are sitting by a campfire. 
Mike is wearing black shades. Jenny is wearing a pink jumper. Mike has on a blue shirt. 
Mike kicks the ball high. Jenny is standing by the fire. The sun is behind the big tree. 
Jenny kicked the ball over the fire. The hot air balloon is flying behind Mike. Mike and Jenny are playing around a fire. 
Jenny kicks the ball. Mike made a campfire. Mike thinks the ball will melt. 
The bear is standing on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are playing with a basketball. Jenny and Mike are by a campfire. 
It is sunny outside. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Mike is very surprised. jenny is very happy. Mike is near a fire. 
The is pie and pizza on the table. The rocket is soaring in the air. The hot air ballon is high in the sky. 
The cat is sitting in the sandbox. There is a pizza on the table. A hot-air balloon is in the sky. 
The cat is sitting on the picnic table. The picnic table is under the apple tree. It is a sunny day. 
Mr. Cat wants pizza and pie. The airplane is in the sky. The pizza and pie are on the table. 
The pizza and the pie is on the table. The cat is sitting by the picnic table. The sun is over the slide. 
Jenny kicked the ball. The ball hit Mike in the face. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
The cat is on the table. The pie is next to the pizza. The picnic table is near the apple tree. 
Jenny is holding a bat. A cat is sitting on the table. A pie and a pizza are on the table. 
The pizza is on the picnic table. The pie is on the picnic table. The cat is beside the picnic table. 
A cat is on a table. A snake is on the grass. A cat is near a pizza. 
Mike has a baseball mitt. The goose is going in the tent. An airplane is flying over the park. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is holding a baseball bat. The duck is beside the tent. 
A duck came out of Mike's tent. Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. Mike is going to chase the duck away. 
Mike wants to play baseball. There is a duck leaving the tent. Jenny is in the tent. 
Mike wants to play baseball. Mike is holding a bat. The duck is in front of the tent. 
Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. The duck is standing beside Mike. 
Mike raises the baseball bat as he laughs. Jenny laughs on the ground by the tent. An apple tree stands tall in the center. 
The duck is coming out of the tent. Mike is waiting for Jenny to throw a ball. The tent is brown. 
The duck is by the tent. Mike is holding up the bat. Mike has a great big smile. 
A duck is standing in front of the tent. The tent is pitched by the big tree. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a hot-dog. Mike is near a fire. 
The cat sat by the campfire. Mike sat by the fire with his hotdog. The cat watched the flames. 
Mike is eating a hot-dog. The cat is sitting by the apple tree. The bonfire is closest to Mike. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Mike is wearing the sun glasses. The cat is sitting by the fire. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. A fire is next to Mike's feet. A cat is sitting under the tree. 
Mike is eating a hotdog. Mike is sitting next to a campfire. The cat is sitting under the apple tree. 
The cat is sitting under the apple tree. The airplane is flying high in the sky. Mike has a hotdog. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Mike is sitting by the fire. The orange cat is under the apple tree. 
Mike has a hot dog. The tree has fruit on it. A cat is near the tree. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. The cat is watching Mike. Mike is sitting at the campfire. 
Jenny is scared because of the lightning. Mike is mad because Jenny is leaving. The owl is watching them from the tree. 
Jenny is afraid of lightning. Jenny started a camp fire. jenny is campimg today. 
There are hot dogs on the grill. Jenny and Mike are running toward the cat. It is raining in the distance. 
Jenny is running from the lightning. Mike is waving his hands in the air. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is sad she can not fly her kite in the lightening. Jenny is standing by the campfire. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny is very surprised. A cat is sitting in the grass. Jenny is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is struck by lightning. The cat is watching Jenny. The owl is hiding in the tree. 
Jenny gets hit by lightning Mike is sad that Jenny is next to his cat Mike is wearing a baseball cap 
Jenny is standing on the slide. There is lightning in the sky. A cat is sitting on a table. 
Jenny is afraid of the lightning. Mike is afraid of the fire. There is an owl in the tree. 
The frisbee is in the air. Jenny is holding her arms up. Mike is holding his arms forward. 
Mike had on new glasses. Jenny caught the Frisbee. Mike threw the Frisbee over the dog. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are playing with the disc. 
Jenny will throw the orange disc. Mike will catch the orange disc. The owl is on the toy. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is waiting to catch the Frisbee. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is trying to catch the frisbee. The man in the hot air ballon is going up. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is happy to play with Mike. The apples on the tree are red. 
Mike kicked the frisbee to Jenny. Jenny is jumping to catch the frisbee. Mike likes to play frisbee. 
A helicopter is flying above Mike and Jenny. Mike has thrown the frisbee to Jenny. Jenny & Mike are having a good time playing frisbee. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Mike is throwing the Frisbee. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
Jenny is coming down the slide. Mike is afraid that Jenny will fall. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike is very excited. jenny is on a slide. A dog is on the grass. 
Jenny looks surprised as the slides. The soccer ball is in the sandbox. Mike looks surprised as he watches Jenny. 
Jenny went fast down the slide. Mike waved his hands to scare the cat away. The cat sat under the slide. 
Jenny is at the bottom of the slide. Mike's arms are in the air. The balloon is red and yellow. 
Jenny is playing on the slide. Mike sees Jenny playing. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny sits on the slide. Mike and Jenny talk. The dog watches Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is worried about Jenny. Jenny is afraid to go down the slide. 
Jenny went down the slide. The sun fell from the sky. Mike is sitting on top of the slide. 
Jenny is coming down the slide. The sun is shining. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is on the swings. A cloud is in the sky. Mike is very angry. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is kicking the baseball. Mike is angry at the baseball. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat Jenny is smiling nicely. Mike is very surprised. 
Mike is swinging on the swings. Jenny is happy that she is playing with Mike. Mike and Jenny are playing catch at the park. 
Mike kicked the ball to Jenny. The owl is sitting on the ball. Jenny wants to catch the ball. 
Mike is swinging on the swingset. Jenny is throwing the basketball in the air. There is a fluffy cloud above Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging. Mike looks mad at Jenny. Someone has just thrown the baseball. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is very surprised. 
Jenny has a baseball. mike is very upset. jenny is sitting in a swing set. 
A tennis racquet is on the ground. Jenny is throwing the baseball at Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball glove. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is kicking the ball. The plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking a soccer ball. Mike is wearing a blue cap. Jenny is waving her arms at Mike. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is next to the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is kicking the ball. The plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Jenny is ready to kick the ball. Jenny is standing by the hot dog. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny will kick the soccer ball. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. 
Mike and Jenyy are playing soccer The cat is riding a toy plane Mike and Jenny are too busy to notice the flying cat 
Jenny is angry and is going to throw a pie at Mike. Mike is surprised that Jenny is angry with him. The cat watches as Jenny raises a pie to throw at Mike. 
Mike waves to Jenny. Jenny will not share the pie. Jenny is mad at Mike. 
Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is holding the pie. Jenny does not want to share the pie with Mike. 
Jenny is going to throw the pie. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The dog is watching Mike. 
Jenny is crying because her hand is a pie. The tent is creeping. Mike is shocked his butt is flat. 
Jenny is throwing the pie at Mike Mike is afraid of Jenny and the pie Mike is sitting under the owl 
Jenny throws a pie at Mike. Mike is scared of Jenny. An owl is in the tree. 
Mike sits in front of Jenny Jenny is wearing a chef hat Jenny holds a pie 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike fell to the ground. Jenny is throwing a pie at Mike. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat Jenny is wearing a pirate hat Jenny is holding a pie 
Jenny is scooping sand. The cat is watching Jenny. The pine tree is near the sand box. 
Jenny is playing in the sand box. Mike is jumping in the air. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny is drinking soda in the sandbox. There is a helicopter flying by. The sandbox is under a pine tree. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. The dog is standing next to Jenny. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox. Mike is standing in front of the tree. A hot air balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is waving to the duck. 
Jenny is playing in the sand box. The duck is walking away. The helicopter is flying high in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The red bucket is in the sandbox. The dog is next to the sandbox. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. The pail and beach ball are in the sandbox. There is white fluffy cloud in the sky. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. The sandbox is next to the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is talking to him. A duck is sitting next to a ball. 
jenny is very mad. Mike is in a sand-box. Mike is near a soccer-ball. 
Jenny wants to stay dry in the tent. Mike doesn't know why Jenny wants him to leave. It is stormy and rainy in the park. 
Mike is wearing a wizard hat. Jenny is running away from Mike. There is a soccer ball infront of Mike. 
Mike is very sad. Mike sitting on the grass. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. 
Jenny is angry at the storm. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
It is raining outside in the park. Jenny is afraid of the lightning. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Lightning is coming from a cloud Jenny is sad because it is raining. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a hat. The ball is next to Mike. 
Mike wants to cook. It is thundering in the park. Jenny wants to play ball. 
Jenny is next to the apple tree. Mike is trying to kick the ball. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses Mike is kicking a tennis ball Mike is wearing a baseball cap 
Mike is playing soccer with a tennis ball. Jenny waves to her mom. Mike is sad because nobody else is playing. 
Mike is kicking a ball to Jenny Jenny is waving her hand Mike and Jenny are playing balls in a sunny day 
Mike is kicking the tennis ball. Jenny is waving her arm. A hole is in the tree. 
Mike is sad because he dropped the ball. A hot air balloon is in the sky. The ball is between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike kicked the tennis ball. Jenny is waving. The baseball mitt is on the ground. 
Mike is kicking a tennis ball. A cloud is forming over Mike and Jenny. Jenny is waving to somebody off in the distance. 
Jenny is waving. It is sunny. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Jenny sees another friend coming. Mike wants Jenny to play with only him. Mike kicks the ball. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. The cat is sitting in the sand box. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny plays in the sandbox. Jenny wears sunglasses. Jenny talks to the cat. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Jenny and the cat are in the sandbox. The pail and shovel are outside the box. 
An orange cat is in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing a hat with stripes. A bucket and pail are in the sandbox. 
Jenny is wearing purple tinted sunglasses. A large orange cat sits in the sandbox. A hot air balloon floats above the tent. 
jenny is in a sand-box. Jenny is holding a shovel. A cat is near jenny. 
Jenny doesn't like the cat in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing a red and gray hat. An hot-air balloon is floating above. 
Jenny is playing in the sand box. The sandbox is near the slide. Jenny has a pink shovel. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. The cat is in the sandbox. The pail is next to the sandbox. 
Mike dropped his hotdog in the sandbox. The cat is going to eat Mike's hotdog. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat and waving at someone. 
While Mike and Jenny are outside  it's starting to rain. Jenny is wearing sunglasses because it's bright outside. The dog is trying to play with Jenny. 
Jenny is going to pet the dog. Mike is sitting in the rain. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike has a soda pop. It is raining today. 
Jenny plays fetch with the dog. Mike wants Jenny to throw him the tennis ball. Mike dropped his football under the swings. 
Jenny has a basketball. A dog is between Mike and Jenny. A disc is near Mike. 
It is raining on Mike. Jenny and the dog are sitting in the sun. Jenny is petting the dog. 
Mike is surprised because it is raining. Jenny is happy to see the dog. The dog is happy to be near the fire. 
Mike is sitting near a sand-box. Jenny is very happy. Mike is very sad. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is very sad. jenny is very mad. 
Mike is being followed by rain! Jenny pretends she can use magic. The dog is waiting for the ball. 
Mike is in the grass. Jenny is eating a hot-dog. A cat is near a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Mike and Jenny are looking at the cat. Jenny is crying. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting next to the cat Mike is wearing a beanie Jenny is standing under the apple tree 
Mike is sitting on the ground sad. Jenny is frowning at the cat. The cat is sitting between Jenny and Mike. 
Mike and Jenny hold hands Jenny sits next to the cat Mike is wearing a beanie 
Jenny and Mike are sad. The cat is sitting between Jenny and Mike. It is a sunny day. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. A cat is sitting if front of Mike and Jenny. The sun and a cloud are in the sky. 
The cat is wearing a pirate hat. Mike's lunch is by the cat. Jenny is wearing a pretty pink dress. 
Jenny is waving at the hot-air balloon. Mike is petting the cat. The cat scratched Mike on the hand. 
An airplane flies in the sky. Mike is afraid of the cat. The orange cat has scratched Jenny. 
A cloud is in the sky. A dog is near Mike. Jenny is very sad. 
Mike and Jenny had an argument at the park. Mike is mad at the disagreement. Jenny is sad and crying  she does not like to argue. 
The hot dogs are on the grill. Jenny is calling Mike over. Mike is scared of the dog. 
Mike sees the snake. Jenny is frightened of the snake. The dog is looking at the snake. 
The dog made Jenny fall over and spill her drink. Mike is mad at the dog for making Jenny fall down. Jenny is crying because she is scared of the dog. 
Mike is standing next to the swings. Jenny is crying. The dog is wearing a blue collar. 
Jenny is sad because she fell down. Mike sees the baby duck. The airplane is in the sky. 
Jenny sits on the grass and cries. The dog stands between Jenny and Mike. Mike and Jenny are not getting along. 
A green kite is flying in the sky. Jenny is sitting down and looking sad. Mike looks angry. 
Mike has a baseball cap on. The mustard is by Jenny. Jenny and Mike are sad the dog doesn't want to play. 
jenny is near a table. A table has a pizza on it. A burger is on a table. 
Mike likes to throw the football. Jenny hopes to catch it. There is pepperoni pizza for lunch. 
Mike has thrown the football to Jenny. There is a pizza on the picnic table. Jenny wants to catch the football. 
The pizza is on the table. The hamburger is next to the pizza. Mike and Jenny are playing catch with the football. 
Jenny and Mike are camping in the park. Jenny threw the football to Mike. Mike is going to catch the football. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. A pizza is on the picnic table. A ball is on the table. 
Jenny is throwing a football. A pizza is on the picnic table. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
jenny is near mike. Mike is near jenny. A pizza s on a table. 
Mike is throwing the football to Jenny. Jenny is trying to catch the football. There is a pizza on the table. 
Mike is throwing the ball. The pizza is on the table. The burger is on the table. 
Jenny is beside the slide. Mike is beside the swings. Mark and Jenny are happy to be at the playground. 
Mike and Jenny were playing soccer. The snake is hiding behind the apple tree. Jenny is resting on the grass. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. A snake is standing under the apple tree. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are at a park. There is a dog by Mike. There is a snake underneath the slide. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is under the tree. 
Mike wears purple sunglasses. Mike wears a blue cap. Jenny has balloons to share. 
Mike and Jenny jump for joy! The orange cat watches Mike. Jenny points to the yellow sun. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is sitting by the snake. It is raining in the park. 
The snake is drinking a soda. Jenny wants a soda. Mike is playing on the swings. 
Jenny wore a witch hat. Mike kicked the ball. Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny has four balloons. Mike is talking to Jenny. 
Mike slide down the hot slide. Jenny had a blue balloon. Jenny saw Mike sliding down the slide. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is sitting on a slide. 
Jenny is holding the balloons. Mike is sitting on the slide. The frisbee is by the slide. 
Jenny is holding the balloons. Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is cheering on Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing glasses. Jenny is holding the balloons. Mike is at the top of the slide. 
Mike is going down the slide. A snake is in the park. Mike and Jenny wave hello to a friend. 
Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny brought balloons for Mike. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. The ball is near the fire. Jenny wore her sunglasses today. 
Jenny is jumping next to the tree. The dog is watching Jenny. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is wearing a viking hat. The sand bucket is in the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat with a star. Mike missed the soccer ball. The sun is bright in the blue sky. 
Mike is trying to kick the soccer ball. The duck is going to get hit by the ball. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. 
Jenny is excited to see the helicopter. Mike is sad because Jenny isn't playing with him. There is a baseball on the ground by Jenny. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is waiting to catch the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is jumping up and down. Jenny is going to catch the ball. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. Jenny wants Mike to kick her the ball. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is happy with Mike. Mike is not happy with jenny. Jenny is wearing a pink jumper. 
Mike is near a fire. A dog is ear a cat. A cat is wearing a blue collar. 
There is a fire behind Mike There is a dog and cat in front of Mike Mike is wearing a hat 
The cat is sitting by the fire. Mike is wearing a hat with horns on it. Mike is holding his hands near the fire. 
Mike is standing by a camp fire warming his hands. Mike has Autism and doesn't know he should take cover. Mike's therapy dog is looking for a clue from him. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a funny hat. Mike is smiling at the cat and dog. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. The cat is sitting by the fire. Mike is sitting by the ball. 
Mike is standing at a campsite. Mike is waving at a cat and dog. It is sunny with one cloud in the sky. 
Mike made a campfire. The dog and cat watch Mike. A cloud is in front of the sun. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The dog and cat are standing together. Mike and the animals are by a camp fire. 
Mike is near a fire place. There is a orange cat sitting. There is a dog with a blue collar. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the sandbox. The cat is beside the sandbox. There is lightening in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. The cat wants to play in the sandbox too. Mike filled the bucket with sand. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. It is not stormy in the park any more. Mike left his soda on the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. A soda is on the picnic table. A tree is behind the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike played pirated and vikings. Jenny and Mike played together in the sandbox all afternoon. Jenny and Mike didnt even notice the approaching storm. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox The storm is covering the sun Mike is throwing a ball to Jenny 
An airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny and Mike are sitting in a sandbox. There is lightening in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny sit in the sandbox Jenny waves at mike Mike is sitting next to the basketball 
Mike and Jenny play in the sandbox. Mike sees the lightening. Mike and Jenny talk together. 
Jenny is in the sand box. Mike is in the sand box. Mike is wearing the hat. 
It is raining and lightning out. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the sandbox. Mike is holding a soda. 
Mike made Jenny a burger. Jenny has new sunglasses. There is a pie on the table. 
The sun is shining. A pie is on the picnic table. A hamburger is beside the pie. 
Mike is holding pie Jenny is holding a hamburger Mike and Jenny are standing next to the table 
Jenny is happy because she has pie. Mike is taking the hamburger. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Mike has a pie in his hands. Jenny has a burger in her hands. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. 
Jenny tosses a pie at Mike. Mike has a burger. Mike and Jenny are eating. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. An apple pie is on the picnic table. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
A pie and a hamburger are on the table. Mike and Jenny are waving to each other. Jenny is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike and Jenny are about to eat. Jenny is about to eat a hamburger. Mike is about to eat a pie. 
Jenny and Mike are at the park in the warm sun. Jenny doesn't understand why Mike is wearing a winter hat with his shorts. Mike has autism and doesn't understand it's too warm out for a winter hat. 
Mike offers a blue duck to Jenny. Surprised  Jenny lets go of the kite. A hot air balloon floats behind Mike. 
Jenny has fallen down. Mike has caught a duck. The hot air balloon is landing. 
Mike let go of the kite. The duck jumped on Mike. The plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is holding the blue duck. Jenny wants more ketchup. Mike let go of his kite. 
Mike is holding the duck. Jenny wants to pet the duck. There is a big airplane in the sky. 
Mike is holding the duck. Jenny does not want to be close to the duck. The kite is in the air. 
Mike is holding the duck. A kite flying is in the sky. Mike and Jenny are surprised. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is very sad. Mike is holding a duck. 
Jenny is trying to catch the kite before it flies away. Mike is holding a grey duck. The hot air ballon is flying high in the air. 
Jenny accidentally let go of her balloons Mike tells her he will buy her some more Bee Buzzy laughs because he knows Mike is broke 
Jenny is wearing a hat with a star on it. There is a grill to cook by Jenny. There is some mustard near the grill. 
Mike is sitting by Jenny. Jenny is standing by the table. The burger is sitting on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are angry with each other. Hot dogs are cooking on grill. It is a nice day at the park today. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat Mike sits beside a sandbox Jenny is beside Mike 
The sun is shining. Jenny and Mike are angry. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box Jenny is trying to kick Mike Jenny is wearing sunglasses 
Mike is wearing a chef's hat Mike is sitting on the ground A burger is on the grill 
Jenny did not like her hamburger. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Mike has cooked hamburgers. 
A cat is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny is kicking her leg. 
Jenny angrily kicks Mike down to the ground. The sun shines brightly above the grill. A pink bucket is in Jenny's right hand. 
Jenny is holding a Frisbee. A yellow toy is between Jenny and the sandbox. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the park. Mike is holding the balloons. Jenny just threw the Frisbee. 
Jenny is throwing a Frisbee at Mike. Mike is carrying balloons. Mike is sad because he wants the Frisbee. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the frisbee. Miike is wearing the hat. 
A plane flies in the sky. Jenny throws the frisbee to Mike. Mike has balloons to share. 
Mike is holding balloons. The snake is next to the ketchup. Jenny is running with the Frisbee. 
Jenny is holding a Frisbee. Jenny is wearing a red and grey hat. Mike is holding a bunch of balloons. 
Mike happily holds the colorful balloons. Jenny jumps and catches the orange frisbee. A small helicopter flies towards the tree. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is holding balloons. Mike is holding a freeze-be. 
The snake is slithering through the grass. Jenny is holding a frisbee. Mike accidentally popped a balloon. 
Mike is walking to Jenny. Jenny is holding a pie. A cloud is over Jenny's head. 
Jenny is sad about the apple pie. Mike is happy to get to play. There is an apple tree at the park. 
Mike has purple glasses. Jenny has a pie. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny has a pie. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Mike is wearing goggles. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. The cat is beside Mike. 
Mike is walking on one leg Jenny is holding pie A helicopter is flying over Jenny 
Jenny has a pie in her hand. Mike has a blue star hat on. Jenny is wearing purple shades. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is walking funny. Jenny is sad. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is running towards Jenny. 
Mike is telling Jenny something. Jenny is surprised at what Mike is saying. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Jenny fell off the swing. Mike is surprised at Jenny. Jenny is next to the toy. 
Jenny is sitting next to the slide. Mike is sitting in the grass. The owl is sitting on the swing. 
Jenny is very surprised. Mike has on a hat. Mike is very shock. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is sitting by the slide. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike is sitting by the fire. Mike is sitting by the ball. 
Jenny fell off the slide. A basketball rolled through the park. Mike is surprised to see the basketball. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. The helicopter is in the sky. The football is behind Mike. 
Jenny is crying because she wants to play soccer and Mike does not. Mike is surprised to see an airplane flying over the park. The park has swings  a slide and a bee you can ride on. 
It is raining on the swing set. Mike and Jenny are surprised. Jenny is sitting beside the slide. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is sitting by the tree. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is good at soccer. Mike saw a rocket. Mike wants to play basketball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny is wearing a pirates hat. Mike is losing and looks sad. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. An airplane is flying above Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are laughing and having fun. 
Mike is angry that Jenny kicked the ball too. Jenny has fun playing with Mike. No one is riding the bubble bee ride today. 
Jenny is near mike. Mike is wearing the color blue. Mike and jenny is playing soccer. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is near the sandbox. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball to Mike There's a baloon between Jenny and Mike The sun is above Jenny 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. There is a tent in the grass. Jenny is not happy. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is angry at the bear. Mike is wearing purple glasses and a pirate hat. 
Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike is sitting by the fire. The pie is sitting on the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by a fire. Mike is holding a bottle in one hand. Jenny and Mike are sharing a pie. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting at the campfire. There is a pie by Mike's feet. There is a bottle of ketchup by Jenny. 
Mike is proud of the campfire he built. Jenny is worried the fire is too big. Mike and Jenny will have pie for dessert. 
The pie is on the ground. Jenny and Mike are sitting by the fire. The orange cat is sitting behind Jenny. 
Jenny invites the hungry bear to the fire. Jenny and mike build a fire during the day. The hungry bear wants to cook his pie on mike and Jenny's fire. 
Mike is near a fire. Jenny is near a pie. The sun is out. 
Mike and Jenny sit by the fire. Mike is telling a story. The pie and ketchup are near the fire. 
Mike is mad the ketchup is on the pie. Mike and Jenny built a campfire. Jenny put the ketchup in a funny place. 
Jenny is sitting by the fire. Mike is sitting by the fire. The pie is sitting on the table. 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is wearing the sun glasses. Mike is catching the ball. 
The duck is in the way. Mike has a new pirate hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. 
There are swings and a slide at this park. Mike is sad that he hasn't thrown the ball far enough. Jenny is happy that she is playing with Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are going on a balloon ride. They are going to play football before they get in the balloon. Mike wears a blue cap with a white star. 
A helicopter flies overhead. Mike and Jenny are throwing a football. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny play ball. Mike wants to catch the ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing football. The duck is in the way. Jenny is throwing a football to Mike. 
Jenny is holding a football. The sun is shining bright. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Jenny is throwing the football to Mike. Mike likes to play football with Jenny. The table is in front of the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is holding a football. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is kicking the ball. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. The owl is sitting on the tree. The rocket is flying  in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. There is a rocket ship in the sky. The dog is next to Jenny. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. The dog is watching the ball. Mike and wearing a blue shirt. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is catching the ball. The cat is sitting on the swing. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The rocket is taking off overhead. The dog is next to Mike. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing next to Mike. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny has a big smile. Mike is playing with the soccer-ball. 
Mike is very happy Mike is playing with jenny. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. 
There are three hamburgers on the grill. Jenny is sitting with the cat. There is a pie on the picnic table. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. The cat is watching Mike. Mike is showing Jenny the grill. 
Mike has a big smile on his face. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. 
Mike and jenny are having a grill out The burgers are medium well The cat wanted her burger rare 
The grill is on fire! Jenny is sitting down with the orange cat. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting beside the tent. The cat is sitting beside Jenny. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike is getting warm by the fire. Jenny is sitting next to the cat. The airplane is flying through the air. 
Mike is waving at Jenny. Jenny is sitting in the grass. The football is in front of Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The cat is beside Jenny. 
Mike kicks the ball to the bear The bear has big teeth. The sun is yellow and orange. 
Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike has his hands in the air. The bear snuck up on Mike. It is a warm sunny day. 
A bear is scaring Mike. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. The bear is wearing glasses. 
The owl is behind the bear. Mike is waving his arms. The bucket is in the sand box. 
Mike's soccer ball landed by the bear. The bear tries to scare Mike away. It is getting cloudy in the park. 
The bear is wearing a crown. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike kicked the soccer ball. 
A bear is scaring Mike. Mike is sad because he wants the ball. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball at the bear. The bear tried to scare Mike. Mike wore a beanie to the park. 
Mike is kicking the ball. The bear is scaring Mike. The bear is standing by the tree. 
Jenny likes to play soccer. Mike is sitting on the ground. The bear wants to eat Mike. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike does not want to play soccer with Jenny. Jenny is in front of the big tree. 
Mike is very surprise. jenny is very happy. Jenny is playing soccer ball. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a cap with a star. A bear snuck up on Mike. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Mike is sitting by the tree. The bear is behind Mike. 
Jenny kicked the ball to Mike. Mike is scared of the ball. A bear is standing next to Mike 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is holding a soda. Mike is in front of the bear. 
The bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. Jenny is playing with the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
A bear is scaring Mike. Jenny kicks a soccer ball. Mike tells Jenny not to make the bear mad. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is afraid of the bear. The bear is stretching after a nap. 
A bear scares Jenny and Mike. Jenny and Mike sit by a fire. Jenny and Mike are sitting. 
A bear is coming towards the picnic. There bear is going to steal the pie. Mike is about to eat some pie. 
Mike and Jenny raised their arms at the bear. The bear raised his claws at Mike and Jenny. The dog is smiling at the bear. 
The big bear roared at Mike and Jenny! Mike and Jenny taught the bear to exercise. Jenny and Mike both wore silly hats. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is holding a soccer-ball. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. The ball is beside the glove. The glove is between the bear and Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing near the apple tree. A bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike has a baseball hat with a white star. 
Mike is behind jenny. Jenny is very surprised. A bear is near jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing Mike's blue cap. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is near a bear. Mike is near a dog. 
The owl is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is carrying a hamburger. Jenny is throwing the ball. 
The rain is going away. The sun is coming out at the park. Jenny and Mike are happy the sun is coming out. 
Mike and Jenny are running through the park. A plane is flying over the park. The cat is hiding from Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is kicking Jenny. Mike and Jenny are following the dog. 
Jenny is kicking her leg. Mike is standing next to the tree. The duck is standing next to Jenny. 
Jenny wears a pointed hat. Mike is sad Jenny kicks the dog. Mike is sad the sun is hiding. 
Jenny is jumping because she is happy. The cat is sitting next to Mike. Mike is happy there is a swing set. 
Jenny is jumping near the slide. The soccer ball is by the swingset. There is a dog standing by Mike. 
Mike is holding a owl. Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is near a cat. 
The cat is sittig by Jenny. The duck is standing by the cat. Mike is standing by the tent. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the glove. The hot dog is on the table. 
The cloud is beginning to cover the sun. Jenny and Mike are going to play baseball. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is holdng the box. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. 
Mike is near a dog. A dog is wearing a blue collar. Jenny is near mike. 
Jenny is about to play catch with Mike. Mike is a really good pitcher. Jenny really likes it when Mike pitches to her. 
Mike is wearing black shades. Jenny is very happy. There is a dog with a blue collar. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. The dog wants to play ball too! Mike likes playing with the beach ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing catch together. Jenny threw the ball at Mike. Mike caught the ball perfectly. 
Mike has a baseball glove. Mike has a baseball. Mike is playing catch with Jenny. 
Jenny threw the ball to Mike. Mike is going to miss the ball. Jenny and Mike are playing baseball in the park. 
Mike is sitting by the swing set. Jenny is holding the beach ball. Jenny is talking to Mike. 
There is a big sun in the sky. A beach ball and baseball are on the grass. Jenny likes Mike's helicopter hat. 
Jenny is giving Mike balloons. Jenny and Mike are excited for the party. Mike kicked the ball happily. 
Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny Mike is wearing a silly hat Jenny is holding a shovel 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Mike is wearing a hat. The dog is watching Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny loves to play ball with Mike. Mike has a very colorful hat. Jenny brought her pink bucket. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is holding a beach-ball. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. Jenny and Mike are having fun. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is standing in front of a swing set. 
Jenny is holding a beach ball. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. A cloud is in front of the sun. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is holding a hamburger. 
Mike is holding a hot-dog. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a burger. 
Mike ate a hot dog. Jenny ate a hamburger. Jenny and Mike had a picnic. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is holding the burger. Mike is stitting next to the table. 
Jenny has a hamburger. The bear is wearing a blue hat. Mike has an owl on his head. 
Mike is eating the burger. The cat is sitting by Mike. Jenny is eating the hot dog. 
Jenny is holding the hot dog. Mike is holding the burger. Mikeis sitting next to the sand box. 
Mike is sitting under a tree. Jenny is eating a hotdog while Mike is eating a hamburger. Mike and Jenny are staying a safe distance from the fryer. 
Mike eats a hamburger for lunch. Jenny eats a hot dog for lunch. Mike and Jenny talk to each other. 
Jenny is wearing purple tinted sunglasses. Mike is sitting down with a hotdog. A hot air balloon floats above Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is standing next to a cat. Jenny is stealing Mikes pie. 
Jenny is holding the pie. Mike is wearing the hat. The hat is on the table. 
Mike has on a pirate hat. There is a red helicopter in the sky. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is near a cat. Jenny is holding a pie. A cat is wearing a blue collar. 
A helicopter is in the sky. A cat is beside a pine tree. Jenny is giving Mike a pie. 
Jenny is angry at Mike. Mike is happy that Jenny is sharing a pie with him. The helicopter is flying very low. 
Jenny is holding the pie. Mike is holding the pie. The cat is sitting on the helicopter. 
Jenny has a pie. Mike is happy to get the pie. The cat is behind Mike. 
Mike wants a piece of pie. Jenny doesn't want to share her pie. Mike is next to the table. 
Mike is taking Jenny's pie. Mike has a blue hat. A cat is sitting by mike. 
Jenny is a fast runner. Mike is wearing cool sunglasses. The cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Jenny is running towards Mike. Mike has his hands in the air. The cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is very happy. A cat is near mike. 
Mike is holding up the cat. Jenny is running towards Mike. There is a pail of sand by the tree. 
Jenny is running between the trees. The cat is sitting next to Mike. The tree next to Mike has apples. 
Apples are growing on the tree. The cat is touching Mike's shoe. Jenny is happy to see the cat. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is running towards mike. 
Jenny happily runs towards the large tree. Mike excitedly sits next to a cat. The sun hides slightly behind the large tree. 
Mike has a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The cat is watching Mike. 
The sun looks like a soccer ball. Mike and the cat were on the plane. Mike was holding both ketchup and mustard. 
There is an owl in the tree. Jenny is very sad. Mike mad at Jenny. 
An owl is sitting on the swing set. Jenny fell off of the swing. Mike feels sad that Jenny got hurt. 
Mike and Jenny are not happy. There is an owl sitting on the swing. Mike kicked the soccer ball. 
Mike is mad at Jenny  who is crying. An owl is on the swing set. A hot-air balloon flies overhead. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is very upset. Jenny has on black shoes. 
Mike pushed Jenny to the ground. Jenny is crying because Mike pushed her. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny fell off the swing. Mike thinks the owl scared Jenny. The owl watches Mike and Jenny from the swing set. 
Mike is furious at Jenny. Jenny is crying because Mike is angry with her. Now the owl is on the swing set! 
Mike wears a pirate's hat. Jenny is sad she fell off the swing. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Jenny falls off the swing. The owl is sitting on the swing. Mike is standing behind Jenny. 
The owl was on Mike's arm. The snake is behind Jenny. Jenny is laughing at the owl. 
Jenny is standing near the apple tree. The owl is perched on Mike's arm. A snake slithers towards Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the snake. The owl is sitting on Mike's arm. Jenny is next to the apple tree. 
Mike has an owl. Jenny and Mike are happy. The snake is hiding behind the tree. 
The snake is behind Mike. Jenny is excited to see the owl. The frisbee is on the ground. Mike is sitting by the snake. Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is holdng the owl. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is holding an owl. 
Mike is near a owl. Jenny is very happy. jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is holding an owl. Jenny and Mike are happy. The snake is under the apple tree. 
Mike is holding an owl. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is very happy. A snake is near mike. Jenny is near a owl 
It is beginning to rain on Jenny. Jenny looks sad as she is about to get rained on. Mike is having fun playing on the slide. 
Jenny pets the cat. Mike flies off the slide. A helicopter zooms by. 
Jenny is petting the orange cat. Mike is playing on the slide. It is cloudy today. 
Mike will go down the slide. The cat sees Mike. Jenny will pet the cat. 
Mike slides down the slide Jenny sits beside a cat The sun is above Mike 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is sitting by the cat. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is pulling the cat's tail. Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is playing in the slide. Jenny is holding the cat's collar. The cat wants to eat the hamburger. 
Mike is on the slide. Jenny is wearing a hat. The cat is next to Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The cat is on Jenny's lap. Mike is going to hit Jenny. 
Mike kicked a soccer ball. Pizza is on the table. Jenny is quite happy. 
The balloon is in the sky. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike is wearing sunglases Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny Jenny is wearing a wizard hat 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny and Mike have a tent. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike kicks a soccer ball. Mike and Jenny have balls to play with. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are by the apple tree. The apple tree is very pretty. Mike is wearing a pair of glasses. 
Mike is kicking a ball Jenny is going to catch the ball Jenny is in front of an apple tree 
Mike has an owl on his head. A cat is sitting on Jenny's head. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Mike i kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is jumping. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike kicks the ball to Jenny. The dog wants to play. A helicopter flies over the park. 
Mike throws the frisbee to Jenny. Jenny eats a hamburger for lunch. The duck is going home. 
There is one cloud in the sky. Mike is holding a frisbee. Jenny is sad and crying. 
Jenny is sad because she fell. Mike is wearing a blue hat. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the crown. Mike is sitting by the frisbee. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike's hat has a star on it. 
Jenny is sitting next to the frisbee. A helicopter is flying over Jenny's head. Mike is clapping his hands by the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. The airplane is flying high in the sky. The sun is shining high in the sky. 
The helicopter is in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the grass. The sun is shining. 
The dog wore a Frisbee on his head. The dog made Jenny laugh. Mike was looking for his football. 
Jenny is surprised to see the Frisbee. Mike wants Jenny to throw him the Frisbee. Jenny was resting under the tree. 
Mike is playing ball with Jenny. The soccer ball is black and white. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike kicks Jenny the soccer ball There's an owl above Jenny Jenny is on front of Mike 
It is a sunny day. The owl is in the tree. Mike and Jenny are playing with a soccer ball. 
Jenny kicks Mike the soccer ball There's an owl behind Mike There's a cat in front of Mike 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny is going to kick the soccer ball. An owl watches Mike and Jenny play soccer. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. Jenny is standing by the tree. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. It is a nice day at the park. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
The owl sees Mike and Jenny. Mike is playing with the ball. Jenny wants to play wit the ball. 
An owl sits on the slide. Mike is playing with a soccer ball. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny has a hamburger. An owl is in the tree. Apples are growing on the tree. 
Jenny has a hamburger. The are hot dogs cooking on the grill. There is an owl in the apple tree. 
Jenny shows the owl her hamburger. Jenny is having a hamburger for lunch. The owl is sitting in the apple tree. 
Jenny has a hamburger. There is an owl in the apple tree. The hot dogs are on the grill. 
There is an owl in the apple tree. Jenny is grilling hamburgers. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny is making a hamburger. The owl is sitting in the apple tree. The dog sees the basketball. 
Jenny is calling Mike for his burger. A helicopter is fly nearby. The owl is in the apple tree. 
Jenny happily cooks her burger on the grill. An owl watches Jenny from the apple tree. The sun shines brightly above Jenny. 
The owl is in the tree. Jenny is holding a hamburger. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny fix the owl a hamburger. Jenny had more burgers on the grill. The owl liked apples better than hamburgers. 
Jenny is holding a baseball mitt. Lightning is striking. Jenny and Mike are playing catch with a baseball. 
Lightning is coming down from the sky! Mike has a hat on. Jenny looks quite sad. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. The dog is under the tree. Mike is reaching for the ball. 
Jenny is sad and crying. There is lightening in the sky. The swing set has two swings. 
Jenny is near mike. Mike is surprised. Mike is near a grill. 
Lightning strikes near the cat. Jenny is holding a mitt and crying. There is a baseball at Jenny's feet. 
Mike and Jenny are playing catch. Jenny is holding a baseball glove. Jenny is sad because of the lightning. 
It is getting stormy in the park. The hat is covering the dog's eyes. Mike and Jenny were playing catch. 
Jenny wants to play baseball. Mike sees lightening in the sky. Jenny is crying. 
Mike is waiting for Jenny to throw the ball. The airplane is flying in the sky. Mike is surprised that it is going to rain. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. The slide is beside the tree. The sun is shining bright in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is throwing the Frisbee to Mike. A helicopter is hovering above Mike. 
Jenny threw the frisbee to Mike. Mike is standing by the slide. Jenny is standing under the sun. 
Jenny has a disc. Mike wants Jenny to throw the disc. The owl is watching them play. 
A dog has a baseball Jenny is running Mike is smiling 
Jenny and Mike are happy. Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. The hamburger is on the grill. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is by the trees. Mike and Jenny are throwing a Frisbee. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate's hat. 
Mike is throwing a toy to Jenny. Jenny is running toward Mike. Jenny is near the slide. 
Mike is throwing a Frisbee to Jenny. The cat is orange. Mike is wearing blue shorts. 
Jenny is sad that the duck will not come to her. The duck wants to play with the snake. Jenny is sad because she has no on to play with. 
The snake is beside the duck. Jenny is scared of the snake. There is a rocket in the sky. 
The balloons are flying away The duck is next to the snake Jenny is wearing sunglasses 
Jenny is sad and crying. The snake is beside Jenny. The duck is beside the snake. 
Jenny lost her balloons. Jenny is scared by a snake. The duck does not see the snake. 
Jenny's balloons got away. Jenny's balloons are floating in the air. Jenny is scared the snake will get the goose. A snake is chasing the bird. Jenny has a baseball cap on. Jenny let go of the balloons. 
Jenny saw a snake and it scared her so bad she let go oh her balloons! Jenny was shocked to see a snake and duck traveling together. The snake and duck told Jenny such an amazing tale she let go of her balloons. 
There is a snake in the park Jenny is afraid of the snake The duck can get bitten by the snake 
There are four balloons in the sky. Jenny is sad and crying. The duck is standing beside the snake. 
Jenny is waving to the snake The duck and snake are trying to get away from Jenny Jenny has balloons 
Jenny is wearing a purple hat. jenny is holding hot-dog. A green snake is in the grass. 
Jenny is very scared. Jenny is wearing a purple hat. Jenny is near a snake. 
Jenny is holding a hot-dog. A green snake is on the grass. A dog is near jenny 
Jenny wears a pointy hat. Jenny is happy to see a green snake. Jenny has a hot dog for lunch. 
Jenny eats a hot dog. Jenny wears a blue hat. Jenny sees a green snake. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is carrying a hotdog. Jenny is surprised by the snake. 
Mike is waving his arms at the snake. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is running with a hot dog. 
Jenny is holding a hotdog. Jenny is afraid of the snake. The snake is slithering away. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. The snake is slithering near Jenny. The football is by the tent. 
The snake scared Jenny. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Jenny has a hot dog. 
Mike and Jenny don't like rain. Jenny is holding a cup of lemonade. An airplane is flying overhead. 
Mike is angry because he wants the soda. The are three hot dogs cooking on the grill. It is raining at the park today. 
Jenny will not share her drink with Mike Mike is kicking the barbecue. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
The cloud is raining Jenny is holding a drink The burgers are on the grill 
Mike wants Jenny's drink. Jenny is mad the rain is falling. The dog stays under the tree. 
Mike is very mad at jenny. Jenny is near a duck. There is a duck with a yellow nose. 
Mike kicks the grill Mike is wearing sunglasses Jenny is about to throw her soda at Mike 
Mike is kicking the grill Jenny is holding a drink It is raining near Jenny 
Mike is very thirsty. Jenny has taken Mike's drink. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike was mad when it started to rain. Jenny was upset because the picnic was over. Mike kicked the grill he was so mad. 
The sun is high in the sky. Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. There is a pizza on the picnic table. 
Mike throws the Frisbee. Jenny is ready to catch the Frisbee. The pizza sits on the picnic table. 
Mike is holding the Frisbee. There is a pizza on the table. Jenny is waiting to catch the Frisbee. 
Mike tries to catch the frisbee . Jenny is happy she threw the frisbee. A pizza sits on the table. 
Jenny is throwing the frisbee. Mike is running to Jenny. The pizza is on the table. 
There is a pizza on the table. Mike and Jenny are throwing a Frisbee. A cat is under the picnic table. 
Jenny is near a pizza. Mike has a freeze-be. Mike has on blue shoes. 
mike is very happy. Jenny has a hat on. There is a pizza on a table. 
Jenny let go of her balloons. Mike is throwing his frisbee. Jenny is wearing her witch hat. 
Jenny is waiting for the frisbee. Mike threw the frisbee to Jenny. The pizza is laying on the picnic table. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. The orange cat is sitting by Jenny. Jenny is sitting by the picnic table. 
The Frisbee is in the tree. Jenny is smiling. Mike is angry. 
Jenny is holding the balloons. The cat is sitting under the tree. Mike is flying the frisbee. 
Jenny shows Mike the cat. Mike copies the bear. Mike wore sun glasses today. 
Jenny wants to catch the Frisbee. Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee in the park. Mike threw the Frisbee too far. 
Mike is mad the frisbee is stuck in the tree. Jenny is laughing at Mike. The cat is looking at the stuck frisbee. 
Mike and Jenny are throwing a Frisbee. A grill is under the tree. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike is mad because the Frisbee is stuck. The Frisbee is in the tree. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny thinks its funny the Frisbee is in the tree. Mike is mad the Frisbee is stuck in the tree. Someone threw the Frisbee into the tree. 
Jenny is sitting next to the pail. Mike is throwing the frisbee. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The tree has seven red apples growing on it. Mike is having fun playing with Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is holding ketchup. 
Jenny hurt her foot kicking the soccer ball. Mike is laughing at Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny kicked the ball at Mike. Mike waved at Jenny. The cat is watching Mike. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. A colorful kite flies in the sky. 
Jenny was mad so she kicked the soccer ball. Mike was happy Jenny was playing soccer. Mike kicked the ball with blue tennis shoes on. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball hard. Mike was ready to catch the soccer ball. The owl watched from the top of the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny looks like she hurt her toe. 
Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. A duck is beside the tree. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny kick a soccer ball. It is sunny at the park. An airplane flies above. 
Jenny is standing by the cat. The rocket is flying in the sky. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
The cat and dog are looking at Jenny. Jenny is looking at the animals and crying. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Jenny lost her balloons. The balloon are flying up in the sky. A rocket is flying in the sky. 
Jenny has lost her balloons. A rocket flies across the sky. A helicopter is flying over Jenny. 
Jenny is crying by the cat and dog. Jenny is holding her hands out to the animals. There are balloons in the background. 
Jenny has a winter hat on. A helicopter is in the sky. A dog is near a cat. 
Jenny looks upset at the dog and cat. There is a cat and dog. Jenny let go of her balloons.Th 
Jenny is sad the balloons blew away. A rocket and helicopter are in the sky. The cat and dog watch Jenny. 
Jenny is sad because she lost her balloons. Mike is sitting on the grass with his hat on. Jenny's dog and cat are waiting by her side. 
The cat and dog are beside each other. Jenny lost her balloons. The helicopter and rocket are flying in the sky. 
Mike's crown fell off. The bear will eat the hotdog. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike and Jenny are in front of the fire. The fire is in the middle of two trees. Mike and Jenny are reaching up. 
The snake is by the pie. Jenny is waving at the snake. Mike does not like the snake. 
The blue duck is running after the snake. Mike and Jenny are jumping up and down. There is an hot-air balloon in the sky. 
The ball is in front of the slide. Mike and Jenny are waving their arms. The fire is next to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are at the playground. Mike is in front of an apple tree. Mike and Jenny are jumping. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are jumping. 
The sun is shining Mike is holding both arms up. Jenny is smiling at Mike. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is near a dog A tree is near a soccerball. 
Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. The duck is beside the slide. Mike is surprised  but Jenny is happy. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Mike is holding the pizza. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike offer Mr. Duck pizza. Jenny shoos the duck happily. Mr. Duck hates pizza. 
Mike has a pizza. Jenny sees a goose. Mike and Jenny will have pizza for lunch. 
Mike is holding a pizza towards Jenny. Jenny is waving at Mike. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike has a pizza to share. Jenny talks to the duck. Mike is happy to see the duck. 
Mike is feeding the duck. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is holding a bucket. 
Jenny is angry at the duck Mike has a spade. The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is holding a pizza. A duck is between Mike and Jenny. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike is offering Jenny a pizza. A duck is in Jenny's way. Jenny is wearing Mike's baseball hat. 
Mike is holding a pizza. The duck is next to Mike. Jenny is happy. 
Jenny is sitting on the grass. Jenny is sitting by the water. The ball is under the tree. 
The cat followed Jenny to the park. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny and Mike are resting in the grass. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is frowning. Mike is waving his hands at Jenny. 
A snake is near Jenny. The snake is scaring Jenny. The sun is starting to come out for Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting. Mike is wearing a winter hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting by the swings. 
Jenny has a baseball bat. A helicopter is flying above Jenny and Mike. Mike is sad under the apple tree. 
The rain made a puddle that poor Jenny slipped and fell in. Mike rushed over to help Jenny after she fell. when Jenny fell  Mike knew they would never make it to the hot air balloon in time. 
jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is near jenny. Mike is sad. 
Jenny has a crown. Mike has a colorful hat. The owl is on the swing set. 
Jenny and Mike are sad. Jenny has on a snow hat. Mike has on a pirate hat. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is holding the ball. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike is sitting near the grill. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
An owl is in the tree. Food is on the grill. Jenny is very happy. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Mike is standing by the pit. Jenny is sitting by the pit. 
Jenny has a big smile. An owl is in the tree. Mike is holding his arm up. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. A drink is on the ground in front of Jenny. Jenny is under a tree. 
An owl watches Mike and Jenny from the apple tree. Jenny is skipping through the park. Mike is cooking hotdogs to share with Jenny. 
An owl stands on Mike's head Jenny is running with a beach ball Jenny is wearing with sunglasses 
The owl sits next to the pie. Hamburgers cook on the grill. Mike runs to greet Jenny. 
An owl is on the tent. Mike has sunglasses on. Jenny is about to catch a ball. 
Jenny sees and owl. Mike sees a bear. Mike is mad at Jenny. 
Mike is copying the bear. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. No one is playing on the swing set. 
The bear snuck up on Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike holding a hotdog. 
The bear is showing how big he is Mike is worried about the rain Jenny is glad it is going to rain 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is sitting on the grass. There is a bear behind the tree. 
Mike is angry at the bear. The bear is behind Jenny. Jenny is wearing a wizard's cap. 
A bear is behind the cat. Mike and Jenny sit cross-legged on the ground. Jenny waves to Mike. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny is laughing at Mike. The bear is trying to be sneaky. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. The bear is getting no attention. 
Jenny is trying to kick the tennis ball. Jenny is holding a bottle of ketchup. The bear is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike is near a cat. A cat is wearing a blue collar. jenny is near mike. 
The owl has flown on Mikes head! Mike is laughing. Jenny is shocked at what she has seen. 
Jenny is scared of swings. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike wants to swing. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing shades. Mike is wearing colorful hat. 
Mike is holding a basket-ball. Jenny is very surprised. jenny is sitting near a tree. 
There is a cloud partially covering the sun. Jenny and Mike are waving their arms in the air. Mike is standing next to the swings. 
Mike sees a frisbee. Mike waves his arms. Jenny talks to Mike. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground beside Mike. An owl is standing in front of Mike and Jenny. A shovel is beside the owl. 
The sun is behind a cloud. Jenny is jumping off the ground. Mike is in front of the apple tree. 
An owl is burning in the sun. Mike is happy  but Jenny is scared. The owl is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny see the pizza on the table. Jenny is wearing a pretty hat. Mike is wearing a gold crown. 
Mike is happy there is pizza. Jenny is hungry and wants pizza. Jenny wants to put ketchup on her pizza. 
The pizza is on the table. Jenny and Mike see their friend. Jenny is waving her hand. 
Jenny is standing by the table. Mike is standing by the Jenny. The pizza is on the table. 
Jenny gets excited about pepperoni pizza. The pizza is on the picnic table. Mike likes to wear the crown. 
The pizza is on the table. Jenny is calling for Mike. The hot air balloon is high in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a hat Jenny is wearing purple shades. A soccer ball is ear a tree. 
Mike has a star on his hat. Mike and Jenny wave their arms. Jenny is happy to see the sunshine. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is holding a pizza. The owl is in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike is wearing a hat. The pizza is on the picnic table. 
Mike tries to scare the bear. Jenny tries to kick the bear. A bear tries to scare Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the bat. The bear is holding the hot dog. 
A campfire is burning. A bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is very angry. Mike is near a bear. jenny is near a bear. 
Jenny is not happy. Mike is very angry. A bear is standing near jenny. 
Mike s standing near a pizza. Jenny is wearing blue hat. A bear is near a burger. 
Jenny kicked the bear. Jenny wears a colorful cap. Mike tries to scare the bear. 
Jenny is sad to see the lightening. Mike is mad to see the bear. A helicopter flies in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. The bear is wearing a hat. Mike is mad  but Jenny is surprised. 
A bear confronts Mike and Jenny. Mike is angry at the bear. A helicopter flies over the tent. 
Mike wants the hamburger. The dog wants the hamburger. Jenny wants to feed the dog. 
Mike is sad that Jenny has a hamburger. Jenny is giving the hamburger to the dog. Mike has a colorful hat on. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger out to the dog. Mike is standing by the slide. Mike doesn't want the dog to eat the hamburger. 
Jenny and Mike are camping at the park. Mike is upset because Jenny gave his lunch to the dog. Jenny is laughing  she is being mean. 
Jenny is happy today. Jenny and Mike are camping at the park. The dog wants Jenny's hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are playing at the park Mike is flying a kite. Mike is upset that Jenny is feeding his lunch to the dog. 
Jenny is giving a hamburger to the dog. Mike is mad at Jenny. The dog is brown. 
The soda is on the table. Jenny is going to feed the dog a hamburger. Mike is upset that there is only one hamburger. 
The dog sniffs Jenny's hamburger. A hot air balloon sails over he park. Mike is hungry for a hamburger too. 
Mike is looking angrily at Jenny and the dog. Jenny is holding a hamburger out to the dog. There is a football at Mike's feet. 
The bear is trying to scare Mike. Mike is not happy to see the bear. The airplane is flying high above. 
There is a plane in the sky. The bear is beside the fire. The bear has a witch hat. 
An airplane flies overhead. The campfire is near the tree. The bear is scared of the fire. 
Jenny is startled by the airplane flying so low. A bear tries to scare Mike and Jenny. Mike tries to scare the bear away with a baseball bat. 
A bear is growling by some trees. There is a duck walking by the bear. There is an airplane in the sky. 
The bear is scared of the snake. Someone started a fire at the park. The snake and the bear are friends. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat with a star on it. Mike is talking with Jenny. A bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is scared of the bear. Jenny is running away. The airplane is flying in the sky. 
The bear is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the bear. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is very worried. A near is near Jenny. Kentish wearing a jump suit. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the burger. Jenny is standing by the fire. 
Jenny is giving Mike a hamburger. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses today. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike is trying to scare Jenny. Jenny is trying not to drop her hamburger. Mike is showing Jenny what the bear did. 
Jenny is sad because she wanted a hot dog. Mike pretends to be a Viking. The dog hides by the tree. 
Mike is wearing a Viking cap. Jenny is carrying a hamburger. Mike is angrily waving his arms. 
Jenny is crying because Mike is mad. Jenny is running with a hamburger. The dog is standing near Mike. 
Mike is trying to scare Jenny. Jenny is running away with her hamburger. Mike scares the bear while Jenny runs away. 
Jenny is holding the burger. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting next to the pail. 
Mike is yelling at Jenny. Jenny is carrying a hamburger. Mike is wearing a hat with horns. 
Jenny is very sad. Jenny is holding a burger. Mike is wearing a crown. 
Mike slides down the slide. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. The sun is high in the sky. 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is playing in the sand box. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Mike is sitting at the top of the slide. Mike is surprised to be going down the slide. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny wants to build a sandcastle. The cat does not care about anything. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is sitting in the sand box. The pail is sitting in the sand box. 
Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is watching Mike and smiling. A baseball sits inside of the mitt. 
Mike is on a slide Jenny is in a sand-box. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is zooming down the slide. Jenny is playing in the sand. Mike aims his foot to kick the ball. 
Mike looks surprised as he slides. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike is on a slide. Jenny is in a sand-box. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny is drinking a soda. Mike is running to see Jenny. Mike and Jenny are near two trees. 
Mike and Jenny have a tent. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Mike has on a pirate hat. It is a partly cloudy day in the park. Mike has a big smile on his face. 
Mike hurt his foot playing soccer. Jenny is enjoying a lemonade. The sun is shining brightly. 
Jenny is sitting beside the tent. The cat is under the tree. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is over by the slide. The cat is sitting with a tennis ball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is sitting next to Mike. 
Mike is waving at Jenny. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Jenny sees a helicopter and an airplane. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is resting under the tree. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Mike wears sunglasses. Jenny wears a pirate's hat. Mike walks home. 
Mike and Jenny run from the lightning Mike is standing under the rain Jenny is wearing a funny fat 
Mike and Jenny ran to get out of the rain. Jenny saw lighting. Mike saw the rain drops. 
Mike is holding the football. Jenny is wearing a wizard's hat. There is a thunderstorm. 
Jenny has a baseball. It is stormy in the park. Mike and Jenny are running home. 
Mike and Jenny want to get out of the rain. There is rain and lightning outside. Jenny likes playing in the rain. 
Mike is runnining in the rail. Jenny is running in the rain. The ketchup is on the table. 
A thunderstorm is approaching Mike and Jenny are running There is a slide behind Mike 
Mike and Jenny are running home. There is a thunderstorm. Mike is wearing a wizard's cap. 
Mike is wearing blue shoes. Jenny is very upset. Mike is very surprised. 
Mike and Jenny run away from the storm Jenny is faster than Mike Mike almost gets hit by the lightning 
The cat and Jenny are playing in the sand box. Mike is resting on the grass. Mike has a baseball mitt. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny wants Mike to throw her the ball. The dog is behind the slide. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Michael is wearing a baseball mitt. 
Mike has a rip in his glove. Jenny is upset with Mike. There is a pink shovel in the sandbox. 
Jenny is holding a pink shovel. Mike is holding a catcher's mitt. Mike is wearing a winter cap. 
Jenny is standing in the sandbox. Mike is wearing the mitt. The sun is shining. 
Jenny is playing in the sandbox Mike is sad because he wants to play baseball Mike is sitting next to the sandbox 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Mike has a glove. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Mike has a glove. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is in a sand-box. Jenny is holding a burger. 
Mike is behind the beachball Jenny holds a pink shovel Jenny is in front of a table 
Mike is sitting by the slide. Jenny is holding the pail. Jenny is holding the shovel. 
Jenny has a shovel and pail for the sandbox Mike says she must play beach ball first Jenny is laughing in his face 
Jenny is wearing a crown on her head. Mike is playing with a beach ball. Jenny is smiling at the dog. 
Jenny has a pail and shovel Mike has a beach ball The pretend they are at the beach 
There is an airplane flying in the sky. Mike is playing with a beachball. Jenny is playing with a bucket of sand. 
Mike is throwing the ball in the air. Jenny is holding a bucked and shovel. Jenny is standing in the sandbox. 
Jenny wants to play in the sandbox. Mike tosses the beach ball to Jenny. Jenny's hands are full and she can't catch the ball. 
Jenny wants to go see the hot air balloon. Mike throws the beach ball up in the air. Jenny was playing in the sandbox with the pail and shovel. 
Mike has a new ball. Jenny is playing with a shovel. The bucket is next to Jenny. 
Rain and lightning are coming down. Jenny is sitting under a tree. A grey duck is standing next to Jenny. 
Jenny has fallen down and is crying. Mike is running towards Jenny. A rocket is taking off. 
Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is sad about her drink. Mike is sitting next to an apple tree. 
Mike made Jenny cry. Jenny wants some apple pie. The blue duck is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike is surprised to see the owl. Jenny is wearing a blue baseball hat. Mike is wearing a silly colorful hat. 
Jenny is sad and crying. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is sitting beside a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sad. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. A Helicopter is flying over Jenny. 
jenny is very sad. mike is very happy. jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny fell down. Mike is trying to help Jenny up. The cat is sitting on the picnic table. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
There is a slide behind Mike. Jenny is waving at mike. The sun is shining bright in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are near the apple tree. Jenny and Mike are running to get the soccer ball. The soccer ball is black and white. 
Mike sees the toy. Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is next to the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny is running to Mike. There is a cloud in the sky. 
A small blue duck walks behind Jenny. Mike happily runs towards the beach ball. The small sun shines brightly above Jenny. 
Jenny flies a kite in the summer wind. Mike likes to run in the summer air. Mike and Jenny are happy friends. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is really excited. mike is sitting in the grass. 
Mike has a silly hat on. Jenny is happy to play with Mike in the park today. The sun is shining. 
Jenny is carrying a pail. Mike is wearing a hat. A snake is in front of Jenny and Mike 
Mike is standing by the tree. Jenny is holding the ball. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch at the park. It is a sunny day in the fall. There are lots of apples on the apple tree. 
Jenny is about to throw a baseball to mike. A cat is sitting on a yellow toy. Mike is excited. 
The hot dog is on the grill. The is grill is between the duck and the cat. Mike is excited to play baseball with Jenny. 
The cat and the dog become friends. Mike throws the baseball. Jenny catches the baseball. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is going to throw the baseball. 
Jenny showed Mike her new mitt and ball. Mike asked Jenny to throw him the ball. Jenny practiced baseball with Mike. 
Jenny and Mike play in the park. Mike throws a baseball to Jenny. It is a bright sunny day at the park. 
Mike and Jenny are playing catch. Mike threw the baseball to Jenny. Jenny will catch the baseball. 
Jenny is wearing the catcher's mitt. Jenny and Mike are throwing with a baseball. A basketball and tennis ball sit between them. 
Jenny throws Mike the baseball. Mike has his mitt to catch the baseball. The sun was hot. 
jenny is throwing the ball mike is facing towards jenny the tree is behind the swings 
A helicopter flies over the park. Mike is sitting on the swing set. Jenny throws the basketball to Mike. 
Mike is on the swing. Jenny is throwing a ball to mike. Mike is not happy. 
Mike is jumping out of the swing. Jenny is throwing the ball. The brown dog has a blue collar. 
Mike is standing next to the swings Jenny throws the basketball to Mike Jenny is standing under the sun 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses in the sun Mike is playing on the swing set A wild basketball floats between Mike and Jenny 
Jenny happily tosses a basketball at Mike. An owl perches on the tree above Jenny. Mike swings in front of an apple tree. 
There is a hot air balloon. Jenny dropped the ball. Mike is on a swing. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a basketball. Mike is standing by the swings. The dog is standing by the tree. 
Mike is sitting in the swing-set. Jenny is very happy. There is a foot-ball on the grass. 
Jenny is running away. Mike is wavy very sadly. Jenny has purple shades on. 
Jenny lost her balloons. The balloons are floating away. Mike is upset. 
Mike is sad that he's losing his balloons. Jenny is sad because it's her balloons. Mike feels terrible about the balloons. 
Mike is unhappy. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
Jenny's balloons are getting away. Mike threw a rocket up into the air. Jenny wore her pirate hat to the park today. 
Jenny's balloons are getting away. Mike is worried Jenny will lose her balloons. Jenny is running after her balloons. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The balloons are floating away. Jenny is running after the balloons. Mike is wearing glasses. Mike is sad that Jenny let the balloons go into the sky. Jenny is next to the sandbox. 
Jenny let go of a bunch of balloons. Mike is sad the balloons are floating away. Jenny is chasing the balloons. 
The balloons are floating away. Mike and Jenny are cooking outside. Jenny is scared of the fire. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very surprised. jenny is near balloons. 
The bear wants the berry pie. Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is smiling at the bear. 
The cst is not afraid of the bear. The wants to eat the cat. Mike has fun going down the slide. 
Jenny is pretending to be a witch She gave Mike some poison apples Dog knows they are just pretending still he refuses an apple 
Mike is sliding down the slide. Jenny is jumping up and down for joy. An airplane flies across the sky. 
Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is happy to see Mike today. The big orange cat is watching Mike. 
A plane is flying by in the sky. Mike is sitting at the top of the slide. Jenny is waving at the plane. 
Jenny has a colorful hat. Mike is at the top of the slide. The cat is beside Jenny. 
Mike is sliding on the slide. Jenny has fun watching Mike play. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is sliding down a slide. Jenny is cheering Mike on. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sliding on the slide. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Jenny is holding a pie in her hand. A bear is trying to scare Jenny. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
The dog is looking at the bear. The bear wants the pie. Jenny is afraid of the bear. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Jenny has a pie on her lap. Jenny and the bear have their arms in the air. 
The bear is very angry. Jenny is very afraid of the bear. Jenny has a pie and a drink for her lunch. 
Jenny is near a table. Jenny is near a pie. A bear is near a fire. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Jenny worries the bear will eat her food. Jenny worries the bear will drink her soda. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. The pie is on the pie. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
The bear holding up both arms. Jenny is holding up both arms. Jenny is holding a pie. 
jenny is near a yellow table. A bear is scaring jenny. A pie in on a table. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the bear. The bear is standing next to the tree. 
Jenny is very shocked. Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike has a hotdog. Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is sitting by the fire. 
Jenny is pointing at the snake. Mike has on dark sunglasses. Mike and Jenny have a campfire. 
The snake is chasing Jenny. Mike is watching Jenny run. The campfire is bright orange. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike does not see the snake. Mike is eating a hot dog. 
The snake made Jenny scream. Mike is sitting by the fire. Mike likes it when Jenny screams. 
Mike sits by the fire. Jenny is scared by a snake. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike has a hot dog. Mike is sitting beside the fire. 
Mike is sitting near the fire. Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is afraid of the snake in the grass. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. A snake is standing beside Mike. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
Mike is flying a kite. The kite is colorful. Jenny is going down the slide. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is sitting by a tree. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Mike has a kite. Jenny has a silly hat on. 
Mike let go of the kite. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is going down the slide. 
Jenny is on the slide. Mike is flying a kite. There is a hot air balloon flying by. 
Jenny is going down the slide. Mike is flying a kite. An airplane is flying overhead. 
Flying kites makes Mike angry Jenny is sliding down the slide in Mike's sunglasses This only adds to Mikes anger 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is sliding down the slide. Jenny likes Mike's kite. 
Jenny loves to slide Mike loves to fly kites Mike offers to share the kite 
Jenny just went down the slide. Mike is flying a kite. A snake is slithering by. 
It is sunny today. Mike is drinking a soda. Jenny is holding the soccer ball. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. Mike is holding a drink. The soccer ball is next to Mike. 
The sun in shining bright. Mike has a drink in his hand. Jenny is playing on the swings. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is holding his drink. The swing set has two swings. 
Mike is sad because Jenny isn't at the park. Mike has a soda pop. There is a soccer ball by the sand box. 
Mike is wearing glasses. Mike is holding a soda. The ball is in front of Mike. 
Mike is drinking a soda. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. The soccer ball is near Mike. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. A hot-air balloon flies overhead. Mike is sitting down with a soda. 
Mike is enjoy a cup of juice. Mike likes to play with the soccer ball. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is resting under the tree. Mike is holding his drink. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny took off her viking hat. The cat stares at the blue duck. Mike waves at Jenny. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny is wearing a Viking cap. Mike and Jenny wave at each other. 
Jenny is holding a hat. Mike is standing beside the tent. It is raining on Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking helmet. It is sunny today. The airplane flies overhead. 
Jenny is kicking up her foot. Mike is sitting by the blue duck. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike is sitting by the swing set. Jenny is giving mike a helmet. It is very sunny. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are happy. The sun is behind a cloud. 
Mike and Jenny are laughing. Jenny is wearing sunglasses with a viking hat. Mike is running toward the cat. 
Jenny has a viking hat on. The sun is hiding behind the cloud. Mike is standing by the apple tree. 
Jenny is jumping for joy. Mike is standing next to the picnic table. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
The bear is talking to Jenny. Mike is looking at the plane. Jenny is mad at the bear. 
Mike and Jenny see a scary bear. There is a cloud in the sky. Mike and Jenny dropped their frisbee and ball. 
A bear has sunglasses on! Jenny has a hat on. Mike has a tennis racket. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is afraid of the bear. A bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is scared of the bear. Jenny is mad at the bear. The table is yellow. 
The bear is scaring Mike. Mike is standing by Jenny. Jenny is sitting by Mike. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny is beside the soccer ball. The bear is growling Mike and Jenny. 
A bear is near the tent! Jenny has a burger. Mike looks quite worried. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny is swinging the tennis racket at the bear. Mike is holding a burger. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. The bear is standing on its back legs. Mike and Jenny are sitting down. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. An owl is sitting in a tree. A tent is behind Mike. 
An owl is sitting in the pine tree. There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike wants Jenny's hot dog. 
The owl is hiding in the fir tree. Jenny has a hotdog in her hand. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
The owl sits in the tree. Mike offers the owl a hot dog. Mike is holding a bottle of mustard. 
Jenny is waving to the owl. The owl is in the tree. Mike is holding a hot dog to the owl. 
Jenny is shocked to see Mike feed the owl. Jenny is wearing a pirate's hat. Mike holds a hotdog. 
Mike is sharing his hotdog. The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is waiting for arm. 
Mike is offering a hot dog to Jenny. The owl is in the tree. It is a cloudy day. 
Jenny is holding a hot-dog. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a tree. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is holding a hot-dog. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. A bear is scaring Jenny. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is running. A scary bear is behind Jenny. 
Jenny is running from the bear. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. Mike is wearing a hot dog. 
mike has a hot-dog. Jenny has a colorful hat on. a bear is near mike. 
Jenny is running from the bear. Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
Jenny is running from the bear. Mike brought Jenny a hotdog. Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. 
Mike cooked hot dogs. Jenny is running from the bear. The bear looks mean. 
The bear scared Jenny away. Mike offers the bear a hotdog. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny is running away from the bear. Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
Mike has a hot dog. The bear has a hat on. Jenny has a hat with horns on. 
Jenny is kicking the hotdog. A cloud is in the sky. Mike is holding his mouth open. 
Mike is very happy. jenny is very upset. Mike is wearing blue. 
Jenny kicked her hot dog. Mike doesn't want to catch a hot dog. The dog wants a hot dog. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are both running to the hot dog. The hot dog is in the grass. 
jenny is very angry. Mike is very sad. Jenny is near a dog. 
Mike kicked the hotdog. Jenny is mad at Mike. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike is wearing a hat. A duck is standing in the grass. Jenny is throwing a hotdog. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. The dog is standing by the tree. 
Jenny hates hot dogs. Mike does not like to waste food. Jenny is wearing a viking helmet. 
An angry Jenny kicks the hotdog. Mike laughs as he runs towards Jenny. Jenny stands in front of the yellow table. 
Mike and Jenny are next to the tree. It is cloudy today. Mike is very excited. 
There is a soda and some ketchup on the table. Jenny and Mike are calling to the dog. The dog doesn't notice them. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the lightning. The cat sits in the sandbox. A hot-air balloon is floating overhead. 
Jenny and Mike are Jumping. The dog is standing near the swings. The dog is looking away. 
The hamburger is on the ground. The duck is behind the red bucket. The snake is coming toward Mike. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is near a freeze-be. jenny is near a freeze-be. 
Mike and Jenny are going to swing. There are two swings. Jenny is running to the swingset. 
Mike is sad his dog is going home. The goose is watching the dog leave the park. A rocket is flying over the park. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is running. Jenny sees a hot air balloon. 
Mike and Jenny are worried about the duck. Mike and Jenny were playing frisbee. There is a bear at the playground! 
Jenny is waving towards Mike. The cat is in the sandbox. Mike is holding a Frisbee. 
The sun is shinning on Jenny and Mike. Mike throws the frisbee to Jenny. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. 
The cat watches the disk. Jenny does not see the disk. Mike is going to catch the disk. 
Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee on a sunny day. Mike's dog would like to play with Jenny's cat so he is walking towards her. Mike and Jenny are playing dress up. Mike is wearing a beanie and sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Jenny throws Mike the Frisbee. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. Mike and Jenny are happy today. 
Mike is wearing a spinny hat Mike throws Jenny the frisbee Mike stands behind the cat 
Jenny is holding balloons. Jenny is throwing a Frisbee. The cat is sitting by Mike. 
Jenny does not see the disk. The cat is in front of Jenny. Mike will catch the disk. 
Mike is near a cat. Jenny is waiting to catch the frisbee. Mike is throwing a frisbee. 
Jenny and Mike are playing with a frisbee. A tree is between Jenny and Mike. A cat is sitting close to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are on the swing. Jenny is crying on the swing. The ball is next to the swing. 
A cat is sitting next to the tree. Mike is swinging on the swingset. Jenny is sad and crying. 
Mike and Jenny are on the swings. The owl is in the tree. There is a duck by the tree. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny and Mike are swinging on the swing. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the swings. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike and Jenny are smiling. 
Mike and Jenny are swinging on the swings. The owl is on top of the swing set. The fire is in front of Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is waving at something. Mike is holding mustard. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the swings. Jenny wants to play catch with the tennis ball. Jenny's cat followed her to the park. 
Jenny is running with balloons. Mike is running with a soda. Jenny and Mike are running to play on the swings. 
Mike is wearing a baseball hat Jenny kicks the dog Mike is standing next to the swings 
A storm cloud is above Jenny's head. Mike has a frightened look on his face. Jenny is angry while kicking the ball. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is very mad. Jenny is kicking a basketball. 
Mike wants to play with the basketball. Jenny does not want to play with the basketball. It is starting to rain. 
Jenny is kicking the ball at Mike. Mike is ready to catch the ball. The plane is flying toward a storm. 
Jenny is mad at the rain. Mike throws the ball to Jenny. The cat watches Jenny. 
It has begun to rain on Jenny. Mike is sitting down to eat. Jenny is kicking the basketball. 
It is raining on Jenny. Jenny is in a bad mood. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Mike is near a tree. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. jenny is playing with a soccer-ball. 
Jenny is mad it started to rain. Mike wants to catch the basketball. The dog hides under the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing a chefs hat. There is an owl riding a snake. Jimmy is ready to play with his mates. 
Jenny waves her arms in the air. Mike throws the ball. Apples grow on the tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Mike is trying to catch the ball. 
Mike is throwing a tennis ball. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. The tree has red apples on it. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. An apple tree is behind Mike. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is mad at the cat. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny is throwing a tennis ball to Mike. Mike is wearing a funny hat. Mike is getting ready to catch the ball. 
Mike is happy to see his dog. Jenny is throwing the tennis ball. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike threw the tennis ball to Jenny. Jenny is going to catch the ball. The dog wants to play catch  too. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. The dog is sitting beside the cat. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Jenny is swinging. Mike is wearing a witch hat. A dog is drinking out of a straw. 
The owl is perched in the fir tree. The bear is hiding behing the tree. Mike is running toward the bear. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. The bear is brown. 
The bear is wearing the hat. Mike is sad because he wants the hat. Jenny is sitting next to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. The bear is growling at Mike and Jenny. The slide is behind Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very shock. A bear is near jenny. 
Mike is very angry. Mike is near a bear. Jenny is standing behind mike. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. The bear is brown. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. 
Jenny wears a crown. Mike wears a cap. Mike sees a bear. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is yelling at the bear. 
The bear snuck up Mike and Jenny. The dog likes the bear. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Mike is flying the kite. Jenny is holding a soda. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is enjoying a cup of lemonade. The sun is shining high above. 
Jenny is sitting on the grass. The duck is watching Jenny. Mike is holding the kite's tail. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is drinking a soda. A helicopter is in the air. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. The mustard is on the table. Jenny is holding a soda. 
Jenny is holding her drink. Mike is flying the kite. Jenny is sitting beside the picnic table. 
Mike is flying a kite Jenny is drinking a soda. Mike and Jenny found a basketball on a bench. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny has a soda pop. Jenny is sitting behind Mike. 
Mike wants to play with the bat. Jenny is happy to see Mike. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a baseball bat. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. Mike is holding the bat. The cat is in the sand box. 
Mike is holding his arms up. Jenny is holding the bat. The baseball is in the air. 
Jenny pitched Mike the baseball. Mike had a bat to hit the baseball. The rain was not going to ruin the baseball game. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Mike and Jenny are happy. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is holding the bat. The tree has red apples on it. Jenny's cap has a white star on it. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is standing by the tree. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny has a baseball hat. There aer four red apples on the tree. 
There is a snake on the ground. Mike and Jenny see the snake. There is a baseball by the sandbox. 
The mustard is sitting on the picnic table. Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. Mike is mad because the snake is at the park. 
Mike has on a large hat. Jenny is worried about the snake. The cloud is white and puffy. 
Mike is wearing a hat. The snake is standing beside Jenny. Jenny is sad  and Mike is mad. 
Mike is mad at Jenny Jenny is asking Mike what's wrong. The snake is getting away. 
A green snake is next to Jenny. The Frisbee is in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are mad. 
The green snake is behind Jenny. Mike is running towards Jenny. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny is sitting with the snake. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike has a winter hat. 
Mike is holding both arms up. Jenny is holding both arms forward. The sun is shining. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the snake. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Jenny is scared of the bear. Mike is standing next to Jenny. Jenny is sanding next to the balls. 
Jenny and Mike run from the screaming bear. A bottle of mustard sits on the table. The bear yells for Mike's cup of soda. 
The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike is running from the bear. Mike has a hot dog. 
Mike and Jenny are waving at the bear. Mike is wearing a hat. The bear is standing next to the swing. 
Jenny is throwing the frisbee. Mike is standing by Jenny. The bear is scaring Jenny and Mike. 
There is a bear by the apple tree. Mike and Jenny are waving at the bear. The bear is trying to scare Mike and Jenny. 
The owl is sitting in the apple tree. Mike is sad that Jenny isn't playing with him. Jenny is shocked to see a bear. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike and Jenny are smiling at the bear. It is a cloudy day. 
Jenny and Mike see a bear! The bear is wearing a silly hat. Mike has on a blue shirt and shoes on. 
Mike is rescuing Jenny from the Bear. The Bear came to surprise Mike and Jenny. Jenny fell down and the bear is screaming for help. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike does not want to share his toys. Mike is holding the bucket and shovel. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a small shovel. Mike is very unhappy with his shovel. 
Mike is not happy with Jenny. Jenny flies a kite and Mike has a shovel. Mike wants to fly the kite. 
Jenny is playing with a kite. Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. A shovel is sitting beside Mike. 
Jenny is very shocked. Mike has a frown on his face. Jenny is holding a kite 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is playing with a shovel. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike has a pink shovel. Jenny is flying a pretty kite. The sun is hiding behind the cloud. 
Jenny won't give Mike the kite. Mike doesn't like the pink shovel. The plane is heading to the airport. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is holding the red shovel. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very angry. Mike is holding a shovel. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is sad because she wants the hot dog. The dog is standing next Mike. 
Mike is standing by the dog. Jenny is sad because it is raining. The dog is standing by Mike. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is sad because it will rain soon. The dog sees the pretty kite. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is pointing at a storm cloud. There is rain and lightening. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny is jumping in the air. There is a thunderstorm. 
Mike is sitting by the pit. The dog is stitting  by Mike. Jenny is sad becauseit is going to rain. 
Jenny is sad to see lightning. Mike doesn't like holding the balloons. The dog is walking away from Mike. 
Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is telling Mike about the storm. The soccer ball is in the grass. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is near a foot-ball. Mike is near a dog. 
Jenny is sad that it is raining. Mike waves and talks to Jenny. The dog watches Jenny and Mike. 
Mike went down the slide fast. Jenny is worried that Mike is hurt. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike did not like goimg dowm the slide. Jenny is sad because Mike got hurt. The dog is warching Jenny. 
mike is very surprised Mike is near a dog. Jenny is near Mike. 
Mike is on the slide. Jenny is holding a kite. A football is next to the tree. 
Mike is playing on the slide. Jenny is sad and crying. A dog is standing beside Jenny. 
Mike fell off the slide. Jenny is worried that Mike is hurt. The tennis ball is on the ground. 
Mike landed hard at the bottom of the slide. The dog is hiding behind a tree. Jenny tries to help Mike up off the ground. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is sitting on the slide. Jenny is watching Mike play. 
Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike slid down the slide. It is raining at the park today. 
Mike is very shock. Jenny is very sad. A dog is near jenny. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the hot dog. Jenny is sitting by the pit. 
Mike wants the ketchup. Jenny wants the hot dog. Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is sitting near the fire. 
Jenny is upset because Mike put mustard on her hot dog when she wanted ketchup. Mike is wearing a chef hat while grilling hamburgers. Mike and Jenny are having a bbq on their camping trip. 
Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is holding the shovel. 
Mike has a hotdog Jenny has the ketchup Jenny is sitting next to the tent 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike is eating a hotdog. The dog is hiding behind the tree. Mike and Jenny are standing in front of a tent. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. There is a fire made by the tent. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
Mike is eating a hot dog. Jenny is smiling at the dog. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike has a tennis racket. Jenny is playing with a beach ball. The owl is sitting on the plane. 
The owl is standing on the airplane. Jenny is holding a tennis racquet. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
The owl is riding the toy airplane Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball They don't notice the fire is too close to the tent 
Mike is holding the racket. The owl is on the airplane. Jenny is holding a beach ball. 
Jenny is kicking a ball. An owl is sitting on an airplane. Mike is going to play tennis. 
Mike kicks the beach all to Jenny. Jenny wears a blue witches hat. An owl flies on an airplane over Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a beach ball. Mike is holding a tennis racket. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is holding a rack. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Mike is holding a tennis racket. Jenny threw the beach ball. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are playing at the park. Mike has a tennis rackett. Jenny has a beach ball. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is holding a hamburger. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are holding hands. The cat is  in the sandbox. There are clouds in the sky. 
Mike is holding a hot dog in his mouth. Jenny is jumping in the air. The tree is green. 
Mike and Jenny are eating lunch. Mike is enjoying a hot dog. Jenny is enjoying a hamburger. 
Mike is eating a hot dog for lunch. Jenny is having a hamburger for lunch. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny is not happy with her burger. Mike burnt the burgers. Mike has a hotdog with mustard. 
The cloud above Mike means it might rain. Jenny and Mike are eating together. Mike and Jenny are eating grilled food. 
A cat is in the sandbox. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike is holding a hotdog. 
Mike is surprised to see a rocket flying through the sky. Mike is surprised that he has a hot dog instead of a hamburger. Jenny is happy to have a grilled hamburger at the park. 
jenny is very happy. Jenny is eating a hamburger. Mike is eating a hotdog. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Blue duck and the dog are watching Jenny. Mike is watching the helicopter in the sky. 
Mike is running to the dog. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. The helicopter is flying high in the sky. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. mike is running away. The dog is looking at Mike. 
The noise of the helicopter scared Jenny. The dog is watching the duck. Mike wants the dog to run after him. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The duck is standing beside the dog. A helicopter is flying in the sky. 
The dog sees the duck. Jenny is kicking the ball. The helicopter is in the sky. 
Mike talks to the dog. Jenny kicks the soccer ball. The duck wants to play. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. The dog is near Jenny. The duck is near Mike. 
There is a helicopter in the air. Mike is running away from Jenny. The duck and the dog watch Mike and Jenny. 
A helicopter flies by. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is running around. 
Jenny kicked the bear. The bear is facing the fire. The cat is flying the kite. 
Jenny kicked the bear. The bear stole Jenny's lunch. The bear has a pie and a hamburger. 
The bear stole Jenny's food. Jenny is kicking the bear. The cat is flying a kite. 
The bear is holding a pie and a hamburger. Jenny is kicking the bear. The cat is flying a kite. 
The bear has a pie. The bear has a hamburger. Jenny is kicking the bear. 
Jenny kicked the bear. The bear took Jenny's pie and burger. The cat is flying the kite. 
Jenny is kicking the bear. The bear stole the hamburger and pie. The cat is flying a kite. 
Jenny is kicking the bear. The bear is holding a hamburger and pie. The cat is watching Jenny. 
The cat likes to fly kites. Jenny is kicking the bear. The bear stole the hamburger. 
Jenny is kicking the bear. The cat is under the tree. The bear has a hamburger and a pie. 
The owl is wearing sunglasses. The snake is wearing a crown. Jenny is throwing a tennis ball. 
Mike is wearing a gold crown. Mike is holding a football. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
The snake wants the cherry pie. The owl wants to eat the snake. The snake likes to play football. 
Mike is holding a tennis ball. Jenny is wearing a toboggan. An owl is perched on a snake's back. 
Mike and Jenny have a pizza. The green snake wears a yellow crown. A football sits on the owls head. 
A snake is near an owl! Mike has a burger. Jenny is quite happy. 
The owl is standing on the snake. Mike is holding a football and a tennis ball. Jenny is waving to the owl. 
Mike is playing with two balls. The snake is next to Jenny. The owl is in the tree. 
The snake is crawling on Jenny. Mike thinks the snake is neat. The owl is watching the snake. 
Mike has a pizza. The snake is wearing a pretty crown. Jenny is waving to the owl. 
The ball is next to the dog. Mike and Jenny are sad that the owl left. The tree is green. 
It is about to rain. Jenny and Mike are sad they can't feel rain. A dog is ready to play fetch 
Jenny is sad because she lost her money. Mike is sad because he is bored. The dog is standing between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are sad. A dog is near Jenny. A baseball is on the ground. 
Jenny is sad. The swings are empty. A ball is near a dog. 
Jenny sees the green snake. Mike see the lighting. The hot air balloon flys by Jenny and Mike. 
Mike wants to play on the swings. The dog wants to play with the ball. Jenny just jumped off the swing. 
Jenny is looking angrily at the dog. The dog has a tennis ball. Jenny and the dog are in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are sad because the dog has the ball. Mike and Jenny are playing near the swings. The rocket soars in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are sad the dog took the ball. Jenny is wearing a blue baseball cap. Mike and Jenny are by the swingset. 
The kite is flying in the air. There is an owl sitting on the tent. The hat is floating over the grill. 
A tent is in the grass A owl is on a tent A swing set is in the grass. 
An owl is sitting on the tent. Mike is watching the owl. The tent is beside the tree. 
The owl is sitting on the tent. Lightning has struck the tent. The fire is too close to the tent. 
The owl is on the tent. Mike and Jenny are mad that the owl will not get off of the tent. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike and Jenny are nowhere to be found An owl sits on top of the tent A hot air balloon floats in the sky 
An owl is sitting on the tent. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is sitting in front of the tent. 
An owl is sitting on a tent. The tent is beside the campfire. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
An owl sits on the tent. Mike and Jenny put up a tent. Mike laughs at the owl on the tent. 
An owl is sitting on a tent. A kite is attached to a tent. Lightning is hitting the kite. 
Mike is wearing a gold crown. The dog is wearing sunglasses. Rain is coming out of the gray cloud. 
The dog is wearing sunglasses Mike is chasing a ball to put ketchup on it The bee buzzy is laughing in the rain 
The brown dog is wearing sunglasses. The picnic table is yellow. There is a thunderstorm. 
Mike is running toward the Frisbee. The dog is wearing sunglasses. It is starting to rain. 
A rain cloud is over Mike's head. The dog is wearing sunglasses. There is a picnic table by the tree. 
The dog likes Mike's sunglasses. Mike is chasing the dog. Mike is mad at the dog. 
The dog is wearing sunglasses. Mike is running towards the rain. The dog is standing by the picnic table. 
The dog is wearing glasses. Mike is surprised that Jenny left. Jenny went home because it is raining. 
Mike is near a sand-box. A dog is wearing black shades. Mike is near the rain. 
It is raining on Mike. Mike is wearing a blue baseball hat. The dog is sitting under an apple tree. 
The swing set has two swings. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a hat. 
mike is really excited. Jenny is really happy. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are going to swing. The picnic table is behind the swing set. 
The owl is in the tree. The sun is in the sky. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Jenny is near a swing-set. Mike is behind jenny. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike likes the apple tree. Jenny is running to meet Mike. There are balloons on the swing set. 
Jenny and Mike are running in the park. The cat is sitting by the swingset. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. 
Mike and Jenny are running toward the swingset. Mike is wearing blue shoes. Jenny likes her hair in braids. 
Mike and Jenny are running to the swings. Mike is wearing a blue star cap. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny run to the swings. The man in the balloon waves. The cat sees Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is sad because the ball is too high. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. It is cloudy today at the park. 
The girl is throwing a beach ball. The boy is catching a beach ball. The food is cooking on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is looking at Jenny. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a cat. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are tossing a beach ball. Mike is sad that it is cloudy. 
Mike is throwing a ball at Jenny. Jenny is wearing dark sunglasses. Mike is jumping next to a slide. 
Jenny holds the beach ball. Mike wants to kick the ball. The sun shines in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny play with the beach ball Jenny is wearing glasses Jenny is standing next to the hot air balloon 
Mike fell down while playing catch. Jenny wore her sunglasses on a sunny day. Jenny threw the beach ball to Mike. 
Mike is catchingthe ball. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is throwing the ball. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is jumping up and down. The apples are falling off the tree. 
Jenny is playing with the soccer ball. A pizza is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is walking to the picnic table. 
A pizza is on the yellow table. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. A brown tent is behind Mike. 
Mike just kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is waiving her hands in the air. The soccer ball just hit the table. 
Mike kicked a soccer ball at Jenny. Jenny is trying to catch the soccer ball. Mike is having fun playing soccer. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is standing by the table. The pizza is on top of the table. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny waves her arms. Mike and Jenny share a pizza. 
It is a sunny day. There is a pizza on the table. Mike has kicked the soccer ball. 
A pizza is on the table. Mike is kicking a ball over the table. Jenny is scared. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball towards Jenny. A pizza rests quietly on the yellow table. The sun is shining brightly above Jenny. 
Jenny had on a crown and Mike had on a pirate hat. Jenny kicked the football to Mike. Mike was happy to be playing football. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny kicked the football. 
Jenny kicks the football to Mike Mike is wearing a pirate hat Jenny is wearing a crown 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny kicked the ball to Mike. 
jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing pink. Mike is very surprised. 
Jenny is kicking a football. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
mike is very happy. Jenny has a crown on her head. Mike is wearing a black skulls hat. 
Jenny kicked the football to Mike. The airplane is flying in the air. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Jenny is wearing a gold crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
A small rocket flies above Mike. Jenny kicks the football as she laughs. Jenny stands in front of a large tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the table. Mike and Jenny will eat pie. Jenny is mad but Mike is happy. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the table Mike is sitting next to soda Mike is offering pie to Jenny 
Jenny and Mike are sitting on the table. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny and Mike have a pie. 
Mike is happy to be with Jenny. Jenny wants Mike's drink. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the table. Jenny does not want to share her pie. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. 
Mike is holding a pie Jenny is angry because she wants pie There is a hot air balloon in the sky 
A duck is looking at a ball. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the table. Mike wants to eat the pie. 
Jenny is drinking a soda Mike is sitting on the table. Jenny is growling at Mike. 
Jenny and Mike sit on the table. Mike is holding a drink. Jenny wants the pie for herself. 
Jenny is angry because Mike has the whole pie. Jenny sits on the picnic table. Jenny holds the drink and Mike holds the pie. 
Jenny wants to hold the bat. Mike does not want to share. Mike and Jenny are by the big tree. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny fell on the ground. Jenny is sitting next to her juice. 
The cat is watching Jenny. Mike is holding a bat and a ball. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
Mike is angrily running towards Jenny. The cat sits near two balls. Jenny is sitting down crying. 
Mike was wearing a whirligig hat. Jenny saw the baseball bat laying on the ground. Jenny didn't want to play with Mike  he was mad. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is very shock. Mike has a bat. 
The cat is standing near the tree. Mike is angrily holding a bat over his head. Jenny looks startled as she watches Mike. 
mike is very mad. jenny is very surprised. Mike is near a base-ball bat. 
Mike is angry. It is raining in the distance. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is holding the baseball bat. Jenny is running and crying. Mike is standing by the slide. 
Jenny is mad she wanted the hot dog. Mike is sorry and puts the hot dog back. Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. 
Mike is bringing food to Jenny. Jenny is angry at Mike. The dog is flying a kite. 
Mike has a hot dog. Mike has a hamburger. Jenny is angry because Mike won't share. 
Jenny wants the dog from Mike Mike is wearing a blue hat There's a grill between Mike and jenny 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. 
The snake is wearing a warm hat. The owl wants the hamburger. Jenny kicked the hamburger. 
Mike is holding a hotdog and a hamburger. Jenny is mad at Mike. The grill is behind them. 
Mike has a hotdog. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is giving Jenny a hamburger. 
Mike has a hamburger and a hot dog. Jenny wants Mike to share the food. Mike has been cooking on the grill. 
Jenny is mad because she wants the hot dog. Mike is holding a hamburger and a hot dog. Jenny and Mike are between two trees. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. The shovel is sitting in the sand box. Jenny is standing by the sand box. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is wearing a crown hat A cat is near mike. 
A rocket is flying above Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a crown in his sandbox. Mike is the king of his sandbox. 
Mike is sitting in a sand-box. Jenny is crying and running. There is a duck in the sand-box. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is playing in the sandbox. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is wearing a Pirate Hat. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny playing. 
MIke is in the sandbox. Jenny is under the apple tree. Mike has a shovel. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny has come to the park to play with Mike. Jenny wants to play in the sandbox with Mike. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is leaving the sandbox. It is getting cloudy in the park. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is walking toward Mike. The dog is following Jenny. Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny is going to get in the sandbox with Mike. The dog is behind Jenny. 
It is raining in the park. It is lightning in the park. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike is not happy. A bear is near mike. Mike is near a tree. 
Lightning is striking. Mike is holding up a hot dog. The owl is in the tree. 
There is an owl in the tree There is lightning behind Mike. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
It is raining and lightning. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. The owl is on the picnic table. 
Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike talks to an owl at the campsite. Mike dose not know that a lightning storm is going to ruin his camping trip. 
It is raining and lightning out. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. The owl is in the tree. 
Mike is near a tree. Mike is wearing blue. Mike is wearing a chief's hat. 
It is raining in the park. Mike is wearing a chef hat. An owl is looking at Mike. 
Mike does not like lightening. There is food on the grill. The wind is blowing the swings. 
Jenny is kicking a ball. Mike is looking at Jenny. A helicopter is flying above Jenny. 
Mike is near a apple tree. Jenny is near a soccer-ball. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is catcing the ball. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny and Mike are playing football. Mike is wearing a blue hat. The orange cat is sitting behind Mike. 
Mike is running from Jenny. Jenny is kicking the ball. The cat is sitting behind Jenny. 
Jenny kicks the ball to Mike. Mike will try to catch the ball. The cat sees Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is quite excited. The sun is out. A soccer ball is near Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny play soccer. Jenny wears sunglasses. Mike has a start on his hat. 
The balloons are on the table. A hotdog is on the table. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is beside the table. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. It is stormy and rainy in the park. A snake is going to bite Mike or Jenny. 
Lightning is striking from the cloud. Jenny and Mike are afraid of the snake. Mike is by a campfire. 
Jenny is crying because there is a snake. Mike is sitting on the ground. It is lightning today. 
Mike and Jenny see the snake. The Lightning is flashing behind Mike and Jenny. The snake is wearing a hat. 
Lightening is in the sky. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is running away. 
There are seven ripe apples on the tree. It is lightning at the park today. Mike and Jenny are scared of the large snake. 
A snake is in the park! A helicopter is in the sky. Mike and Jenny are running away. 
A snake is coming towards Mike. Jenny is worried the snake will bite Mike. It is getting stormy in the park. 
The snake is scaring Jenny and Mike. There is lightning and rain above Jenny and Mike. Jenny and Mike will hide in the tent. 
The sun is hiding behind a cloud. Mike and Jenny are shocked to see a snake! It is lightning at the park. 
The storm has left the park. Mike is eating a hotdog for lunch. Jenny is showing Mike the helicopter in the sky. Mike is holding a hotdog. A helicopter is in the sky. Lightning is coming out of the cloud. 
A thunderstorm was approaching  Jenny had better hurry home from the park! The helicopter blew sand all over Jenny's hot dog. The helicopter arrived just in time to rescue Jenny from the storm. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard's hat Mike is eating a hotdog There is a helicopter flying over Mike 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. There is lightening in the sky. Jenny is holding a drink and a hotdog. 
Mike is eating a hotdog Jenny is sad that Mike won't share his hotdog Jenny is sitting under a storm 
Mike is mad Jenny kicks the table. Mike and Jenny share lunch. Jenny seas the helicopter. 
The bear is scaring Jenny The owl is on the table. Mike is holding the hot dog. 
Lightning is striking overhead. Jenny and Mike look startled. Mike is holding a hot dog. 
Mike is holding the hot dog. Mike is sitting by the table. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is very sad. Jenny is near a yellow table. Jenny is all alone. 
Jenny and Mike do not like the snake. The snake is on top of the swingset. There is a gray cloud in the sky. 
Mike is angry because the snake is on the swingset. Mike is wearing a funny cap. The apple tree is behind the swings. 
The snake is tangled in the swing. Jenny is worried about the snake. Mike is wearing a gold crown. 
The snake is climbing the swing set. Mike and Jenny are worried. The helicopter flies by. 
There is a snake on the swing set. Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny is looking angrily at the snake. 
The snake is on top of the swingset. Mike is trying to scare the snake away. Jenny is afraid of the snake. 
It is foggy by the swing set. There is a snake on the swing. Mike and Jenny are floating! 
The snake is on top of the swingset. Jenny is mad at the snake. Jenny is standing next to the swingset. 
The snake is on the swing set. Jenny is mad because there is a snake. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is very angry. mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is near a snake. 
The owl landed on the pie. The dog wants the pie. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is talking to the dog. The dog is wearing a blue collar. The owl is in the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is walking a dog. There is an owl in the tree. 
Jenny likes the bird. The dog is standing by Jenny. The rocket is taking off. 
Jenny is wearing a viking hat Jenny is standing next to the dog Jenny is excited to see the owl 
An owl is in the tree. Jenny is sitting next to a dog. The dog is brown. 
Jenny takes her dog to the park. The owl watches Jenny. The dog loves a sunny day. 
Jenny's hat has horns. Jenny is sitting under the sun. Jenny is waving at the owl. 
Jenny played with the dog. The dog saw the owl under the tree. Jenny had on a viking hat. 
Jenny wears a Vikings Helmet. Jenny talks to Mr. Owl. Jenny waves at the owl. 
Jenny saw Mike's grill. Mike cooks hotdogs. Mike left the ketchup on the table. 
Jenny is standing next to the pit. Mike is throwing the ball. The burger is sitting on the pit. 
Jenny tells Mike that lunch is ready. Mike is surprised lunch is ready so soon. Jenny has made hotdogs on the barbecue. 
Jenny looks surprised at Mike. Mike is wearing a sailor's hat. Mike and Jenny are playing in the yard. 
Jenny is showing Mike the food. Jenny is wearing a chefs hat. Mike is wearing a pirates hat. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Mike and Jenny are grilling. Jenny has a beach ball. 
Mike is afraid of the red grill. An airplane is flying towards the sun. Jenny stands in front of the yellow table. 
Jenny wants a hamburger. Mike tells Jenny that they are not ready yet. Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. 
Mike and Jenny are standing at the grill. The snake slithers towards Mike and Jenny. There are hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are at the park. The dog is next to Mike. The fire is burning. 
Jenny has on purple hat on. Mike has a colorful hat on. Mike has a burger in his hand. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing funny hats. A hot air balloon is floating in the sky. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny offers Mike a drink of her soda. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is eating a hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with hats. Mike doesn't like his hamburger. Jenny fell down and hurt her knees. 
Mike handed Jenny his hamburger. Jenny did not want to share her soda. The dog planned to grab the hamburger. 
Mike is wearing a beanie. Jenny is holding a soft drink. Mike is eating a hamburger. 
Jenny has a soda in her hand. Mike is holding a burger. Mike has a hat on. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is holding her drink. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny has a soda. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is drinking a soda. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing beach ball They are cooking out burgers and hotdogs The man in the balloon can smell the good food 
Mike is playing with a ball. Mike is standing beside the grill. Someone is riding in the hot air balloon. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is jumping up and down. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. There are three hamburgers on the grill. A snake slithers towards Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the beachball. Mike is jumping up and down. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
Jenny is upset with Mike. Mike is throwing the beachball. There is a hamburger on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are tossing a ball back and forth. Hot dogs are cooking on the grill. A balloon is rising in the sky 
Mike and Jenny play beach ball. The hot air balloon man waves. Mike and Jenny jump up high. 
A balloon is in the sky. Some food is on the grill. Jenny threw the beach ball to Mike. 
The hamburger is on the grill. Jenny is throwing the beach ball. Mike is catching the ball. 
Mike is holding a Frisbee. Jenny is running toward Mike. The sun is behind the tree. 
Mike is holding a frisbee. There is a dog next to a tree. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a crown on her head. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding her arms in the air. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is holding a frisbee. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike throws a frisbee to Jenny. Jenny has a crown. Mike has a pirate hat. 
Jenny caught the frisbee. Mike is waving hello to Jenny. Jenny is wearing a gold crown. 
Jenny is wearing a very pretty crown. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. 
There is a crown on Jenny's head. Mike is going to throw the Frisbee. Mike is wearing a pirate cap. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. Mike and Jenny are beside the picnic table. 
Mike is holding a Frisbee. The bear is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Mike is wearing a crown. The pie is on the grill. Jenny is beside the grill. 
It is raining on Jenny. A pie is sitting on the grill. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
There is a pie on the grill. There is rain in the sky. Mike has a crown. 
The pie is on the grill. It is raining on Mike. Jenny is marching. 
Mike is wearing a crown Jenny is running from Mike It's raining behind Jenny and Mike 
There is a duck under the tree. Mike is wearing a crown. Mike and Jenny are sad it's raining. 
Mike is wearing a crown. The pie is on the grill. It is raining on Jenny. 
Jenny is kicking her foot. Mike is happy that it is raining. The pie is cooking. 
There is a pie on the grill. Jenny is sad  that it's raining. Mike is wearing a crown. 
There is a pie on the grill. Mike has a crown with gems on it. It is raining in the park today. 
Mike and Jenny are on the playground. Jenny is holding a can of pop. Mike is worried his balloons with fly away. 
Jenny lost her balloons and they are floating away. Mike is waving goodbye to the balloons. Jenny is running to try to catch her balloons. 
Jenny is carrying a soda. Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is smiling at Jenny. 
Mike is holding the balloons. Mike is holding the water. Jenny is standing by the box. 
Jenny and Mike are smiling at each other. There are balloons in the sandbox. Jenny is skipping with a soda. 
Jenny has a yummy drink. Jenny is happy to see balloons. Mike says hello to Jenny. 
Mike is waving towards Jenny. Jenny is running to the balloons. Jenny is carrying a drink. 
Jenny is holding a soda-can Mike is very happy. Jenny is near a sand-box. 
Mike has a pirate hat on. Some fruit is in the tree. Jenny has some balloons. 
Mike is holding a frisbee. Balloons and a cat are in the sandbox. Jenny is running with a beverage. 
The ketchup is on the table. The cat is sitting by the hot dog. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike runs towards the cat Jenny waves her arms in the air The cat is eating Mike's food 
The cat has Mike's hot dog. Mike is angry with the cat. Jenny is cooking some burgers. 
Mike is standing by the table. The cat is sitting by the hot dog. The duck is standing by the table. 
The cat is wearing sunglasses Mike is in front of the tent Jenny is behind the grill 
There is a cloud in the sky today. There are hot dogs on the grill. Mike is sad because the cat has the hot dog. 
The cat stole the hotdog off the grill. Jenny and Mike are upset at the cat. A storm cloud has appeared in the sky. 
Jenny is surprised by the cat. The cat is beside the hot dog. Mike is running toward the grill. 
A orange cat has a hot-dog. Jenny is very shocked. mike is really surprised. 
Mike is holding some ketchup. A cat is eating a hotdog. Jenny is holding her hands in the air. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Mike wants to play in the sandbox. Apples are growing on the tree. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The cat is sitting by Mike. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Mike kicked his ball into the woods. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. Mike is chasing his ball. 
It is a sunny day at the park. Mike and his dog want to play. Mike kicks the balls to his dog. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball Mike is standing under the cloud An owl is staring at Mike 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Mike is near the apple tree. The grill is by the swing set. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Mike sees an owl on the swing set. An owl watches Mike play soccer. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Mike wants to slide down the slide. Mike wears sunglasses. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The sand box is empty. Nobody is playing on the swings. 
The cat is under the tree. Mike kicked the soccer ball. The sun is above Mike. 
Jenny is wearing the catcher's mitt. Mike is going to throw the tennis ball. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny tries to catch the tennis ball. Mike is throwing the tennis ball. The tree is full of cherries. 
Jenny has a baseball glove. Mike is wearing sunglasses. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny caught a baseball. Mike is waving at Jenny. Mike want to ride the playground toy. 
Jenny has a tennis ball in her mitt. Jenny is standing by the swing set. There is a single cloud in the sky. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the glove. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is wearing black sunglasses. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny has a tennis ball. 
Playing Saying Bye to the helocopter enjoying 
Jenny has a baseball glove. Mike is throwing a tennis ball. The cat is sitting by Mike. 
Jenny is wearing the baseball mitt. Jenny is holding the tennis ball. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny sees Mike far away. The dog and cat sit with Jenny. 
Mike is playing by himself. Jenny is playing with the animals. The dog is by Jenny. 
Mike is playing with a ball. Jenny is petting the cat. The dog is next to Jenny. 
Mike is playing soccer The cat is sitting next to Jenny Clouds are staring to cover the sun 
Mike and Jenny looked surprised. Dog and Cat play with Jenny. Mike and Jenny see something in the distance. 
Jenny is frightened by a dog. A cat is sitting next to Jenny Mike is playing a ball. 
Jenny is sitting by the dog. Mike is playing with the soccer ball. Hot dogs are cooking on the barbeque. 
Mike is sad because he dropped the soccer ball. Jenny is sitting on the ground. A dog is standing in front of a cat. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Jenny is telling the cat and dog a story. 
Jenny and Mike look surprised. Jenny is sitting with her dog and cat. A cloud is coming in to cover up the sun. 
Mike is sharing pizza with Jenny. Jenny is surprised that Mike is sharing. The dog is near the ball. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding a pizza. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
Jenny has a pizza. The dog sees Jenny. Mike has a hat. 
Jenny is knelling. The plate of food is on the grass. Mike has on a pirate hat. 
Jenny is holding a pizza. The dog wants to eat Jenny's pizza. Mike is sad that Jenny will not play ball with him. 
Jenny is upset because she doesn't see the ball. Mike is sitting on the picnic table. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny made a pepperoni pizza. Mike is holding a pirates hat. The dog wants Mike to throw the ball. 
Jenny and Mike have a pizza. The dog wants to eat the pizza. They are holding hands. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is kicking a ball. A dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are going to eat pizza. The dog sees Jenny. Jenny is next to the ball. 
Jenny and Mike are waving at each other. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. Mike is sitting by the apple tree. 
The cat is on the slide. Mike and Jenny see the cat. The dog is next to Mike. 
The rocket is taking off. Mike is very excited. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny made a campfire. Mike and Jenny are camping in the park. A rocket is flying over the park. 
There is a tent outside. Mike and Jenny look happy. Jenny is holding balloons. 
Mike waves to the puppy. Mike wears purple sunglasses. Jenny sees a rocket in the sky. 
The rocket blasts into the sky. Jenny and Mike are happy to see the rocket. The tent is near the big tree. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. The hot air ballon is red and yellow. The orange cat sits by Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is near mike. A dog is near jenny. 
The dog likes to ride the spaceship. Jenny is laughing at the dog. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike has baked a huge pie. Jenny wants to eat the pie. A red bucket sits in the sandbox. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing shades. Mike is holding a pie. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Jenny is surprised. Mike is standing near the ball. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. A snake is standing beside the tree. Mike is holding a pie. 
Mike is holding the pie up high. Jenny is afraid Mike might drop the pie. Mike and Jenny are by the yellow picnic table. 
Lightning is striking near Jenny. Mike is holding the pie. Jenny is standing next to the fire 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Mike is holding the pie. Jenny is standing by the table. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the crown. Mike is giving Jenny the pie. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is afraid Mike will drop the pie. Jenny is next to the yellow picnic table. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. The helicopter is flying in the sky. Mike is smiling at Jenny. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. It is a beautiful day in the park. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is kicking a soccer-ball. A duck is in the grass. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is holding balloons. A tree is behind mike. 
Jenny is floating high in the sky! Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The ballons are very pretty. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is holding the balloons. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is behind the riding toy. 
Jenny is playing with the toy. Mike kicked the ball. The shovel is by the sandbox. 
Jenny has four balloons. Mike is kicking a ball. Jenny is riding a bee. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny sits on the bumblebee. Jenny holds four balloons. Mike kicks a soccer ball. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The air plane is flying in the sky. The lightening is in the sky. 
Jenny is angry because it is raining. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a pointy hat. 
The rocket has taken off. There is a lightning bolt. There is a tennis ball and soccer ball. 
There is lightening in the sky. Jenny is standing beside the tree. The duck is standing beside Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing Mike's blue cap. Mike is wearing glasses. Mike is upset that Jenny will not give the cap back. 
Jenny fell down on the ground. It is getting stormy in the park. Mike is mad that the weather is bad. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat. It is raining on Mike. Mike and Jenny are angry. 
Lightning is striking overhead. Jenny is sitting down with a pie. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. The bear is holding the snake. Mike is wearing a crown. 
A bolt of lightning strikes. Jenny is kicking out at Mike. Mike is waving to Jenny. 
It is sunny today. The cat is sitting behind Jenny. Mike is flying a kite. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is holding balloons. The cat is on the playground equipment. 
Jenny is holding some balloons. Mike is flying a kite. A cat watches Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is holding the balloons Mike is flying the kite. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny is sad that Mike has a kite. Jenny has colorful ballons. Mike has purple sunglasses on. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses Jenny holds the baloons Mike flies a kite 
Mike is holding a kite. Jenny is holding some balloons. There is a cat watching the kite. 
Jenny is holding balloons Mike is playing with a kite Jenny wants to play with Mike's kite 
Mike is holding a kit Jenny is holding three baloons The cat is sitting next to the tree 
Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is flying a kite. The cat is curious about the balloons. 
Jenny has a baseball glove. Jenny is watching the snake. The snake is under the slide. 
Jenny has a glove. The dog is in front of the tree. The snake is between Jenny and the dog. 
Jenny has a baseball glove on. It looks like Jenny is left-handed. Jenny is catching the baseball. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball glove Jenny is waving to the snake A helicopter flies over the snake 
Jenny has a base-ball glove. there is a bat in the grass. There is a green snake on the grass. 
The sun is behind a cloud. Jenny is wearing a baseball mit. A snake is in the grass. 
Jenny is playing baseball. Jenny sees a snake. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
A snake is by the tent entrance. There is a campfire by the tent. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball glove Jenny is standing next to a snake Jenny is standing under a cloud 
The snake is chasing Mike. Jenny has a baseball mitt on. Mike is afraid of the snake. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is wearing a vikings hat. Jenny is near a soccer-ball. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike and Jenny are wearing funny hats. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. 
Jenny waves to Mike. Jenny wears a chef's hat. Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny. 
Mike happily runs towards the dog. Jenny happily chases the soccer ball. A large brown dog stands by the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking cap. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. Mike has kicked the soccer ball. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. 
Jenny and mike are playing soccer Jenny is wearing a viking hat There is a yellow table behind Jenny and Mike 
Mike kicked the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny is going to catch the soccer ball. Someone is flying a kite in the park. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is going to hit the snake with the bat. 
The snake wants to be friends Mike wants to kill the snake Jenny is frightened but doesn't want the snake to die 
jenny sits on the ground. a snake is passing by. Mike is holding a baseball bat. 
Jenny work a viking hat today. Mike will hit the snake with a baseball bat. It is getting stormy in the park. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. The snake is scaring Jenny. A bear is wearing a pirate hat. 
A helicopter is in the sky. Mike is waving a bat at the snake. Jenny is kicking towards the snake. 
Mike tries to scare the snake. Jenny is afraid of snakes. Mike wants to play baseball with Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are chasing a snake. Jenny is afraid and wants Mike to stop. Mike is going to hit the snake. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is scared of the snake. A snake is in front of Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is holdng the balloons. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is kicking the ball. 
Jenny has balloons. Mike kicked the ball. Mike and Jenny are playing outside. 
Jenny wears John Lennon glasses. Jenny has some balloons Mike is kicking a soccer ball. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is playing with the soccer ball. 
Jenny is holding balloons. Mike is kicking a ball. The sun is shining bright. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball toward Jenny. Jenny is holding balloons. There is food being cooked on the grill. 
Jenny has a bunch of balloons. Mike is playing soccer. Jenny and Mike are having a picnic in the park. 
Jenny is holding colorful balloons. Mike kicks the soccer ball at Jenny. Mike is being very rude. 
An airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is kicking a soccer ball. 
Jenny has four pretty balloons. Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. Mike and Jenny are near the sandbox. 
Mike is on the slide. Jenny is very happy. An owl is near Jenny. 
Mike is standing on the slide. Jenny is holding the balloons. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
The basketball is under the slide. Mike is trying to reach the airplane. Jenny is by the tree with the owl in it. 
A plane is flying overhead. Mike is standing at the top of the slide. Jenny is waving to Mike with both arms. 
There is an owl in the tree. Mike is going down the slide. Jenny is happy. 
An owl watches Mike and Jenny play in the park. An airplane is flying over the park. Mike is going to slide down the slide. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is standing on a slide. Jenny is near a apple tree. 
Mike is standing on the slide. The plane is flying over Jenny. The owl is next to the tent. 
Mike is standing on the slide. The owl is in the tree. The cloud is over the sun. 
Jenny is near a grill. Mike is standing on a slide. There's a owl on a grill. 
Jenny is wearing purple shades. Mike is very sad. A duck is near mike. 
The duck is standing under the rain. Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny looks scared of the storm. 
The duck is between Jenny and Mike Mike is in front of an apple tree It's raining behind Jenny 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is sitting in the grass. There is lightning and rain in the sky. 
It is raining and lightning over the duck. Mike and Jenny are waving sadly to the duck. A beach ball is at Jenny's feet. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. The duck is standing in the rain. Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. 
There's a cat in front of Jenny Jenny sits behind the duck Mike stands in front of the duck 
The weather is stormy Mike and Jenny are sad. The duck is standing by Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are sad. There is rain and lightening in the sky. A duck is standing beside Mike. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is not happy. jenny is near a duck. 
Mike is near table. Jenny is very  happy with mike. Mike is near a pizza. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting at the table. A pizza is on the picnic table. A baseball bat is laying in the grass. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a pizza. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. There is pizza for lunch. Mike and Jenny will eat a hamburger and some pizza. 
Mike is holding a pepperoni pizza. Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses. 
There's a pizza on the table Mike stands beside the table There's a soccer ball between Jenny and Mike 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic on a nice day. Mike and Jenny are jumping in the air. Mike and Jenny are smiling. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting down. It is a sunny day. The picnic table is set with food. 
Mike is standing by the table. The burger is on the table. The pizza is on the table. 
Mike is wearing a chef's hat. Jenny is beside the picnic table. A pizza is on the picnic table. 
The duck is under the slide. Jenny is holding a tennis racket. Mike is playing with a football. 
Mike and Jenny feel sad. It is starting to rain. The swing set is nearby. 
A tearful Jenny runs away from Mike. Mike slips and falls with his hotdog. The grey cloud rains on Mike and Jenny. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny Mike and Jenny are standing in front of a slide There is a soccer ball in front of jenny 
Jenny is running in the rain. It is raining in the park. Mike is wearing the hat. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing funny hats. Jenny and Mike are laughing and running. It is raining over the slide. 
The dog is under the tree. Mike has a chef's hat on. Food is on the grill. 
The apple tree has ripe apples. Jenny is sitting on the ground. There is bad weather at the park today. 
A tennis ball is sitting in the grass. The mustard is sitting in the grass. Jenny is sad  and Mike is surprised. 
Rain got Mike and Jenny wet. Jenny wore her hair in pigtails. Mike sat by the swing set. 
Jenny is near a grill. mike is very angry. jenny is holding a ketchup bottle. 
It is raining on the grill. A pie is sitting on the picnic table. The ketchup is sitting on the table. 
Jenny is holding a bucket and shovel. Mike fell off the swingset. There is rain and lightning in the sky. 
It is starting to rain. Mike is sitting in the grass. The hot dogs will get wet. 
It is raining in the park. Mike is mad it started to rain. Mike and Jenny were going to have a picnic. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny's grill. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike is angry at Jenny. 
Mike is quite angry. Food is on the grill. Rain is falling down. 
Jenny is telling Mike that it is time to leave the park. Mike is autistic and does not understand. Mike wants to stay and play in the rain. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny is sad because it is raining. The hamburger is cooking on the grill. 
Rain is falling on the barbeque grill. An owl is in the tree. Jenny is yelling at Mike. 
There is a rocket flying in the sky. Mike was scared from the loud rocket. Jenny is having fun on the swings. 
Jenny is playing on the swing. Mike is sitting on the ground. There is a rocket in the sky. 
Mike waves to the spaceship. Jenny swings. Mike is sad. 
Jenny is on the swing. Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is sitting alone in the grass. 
Jenny is on the swing. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is afraid that Jenny will kick him. 
There is a rocket in the sky. Jenny is playing on the swing. Mike is sad because Jenny is not playing with him. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. Mike is sitting in the grass. The rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is sitting on the swing. Mike is wet from sitting on the ground. The rocketship is flying into space. 
A rocket flies overhead. Mike is sitting sadly on the ground. Jenny is on the swing set. 
Mike looks sad while he's playing with the ball. Jenny is happy to be swinging. Neither Mike or Jenny notice the rocket flying behind them. 
Jenny tossed the Frisbee. Jenny wore a blue wizard hat. The dog likes to play Frisbee. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. There is mustard on the table. Jenny is enjoying the sun. 
Jenny has on a purple witch hat. The dog wants the disk. Jenny does not see the disk. 
Jenny is pretending to be a witch. The dog is chasing a toy. Jenny and her dog play catch in the park. 
Jenny is wearing a wizard hat Jenny is sitting next to the dog Jenny is sitting under the cloud 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Jenny has on a purple hat. Jenny is very surprised. 
The dog has the witch hat. Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. Mike and Jenny are asking for the hat. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is sitting in the grass. The pail is by the ball. 
Jenny is startled to see the dog. The dog has a witch's hat in his mouth. Jenny is sitting by the sandbox. 
Jenny is playing frisby. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. The dog is playing with Jenny. 
The brown dog has a tennis ball. The helicopter flies above. The bear is behind Mike and Jenny. The dog is holdng the ball. The bear is scaring Jenny The pie is on the table. 
The bear snuck up on Mike and Jenny. Jenny is warming her hands by the fire. Mike is holding a raspberry pie. 
Mike does not want to share his pie. Jenny wants to go home. The brown bear wants to play. 
There are apples on the tree. A bear is next to the apple tree. There is a pie on the table. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Mike is giving the pie to the bear. The yellow table is under the tree. 
The bear is scaring Mike. Jenny is holding the pie. Mike is holding the pail. 
There are two balls on the table. Jenny and Mike are behind the table. The bear is next to Mike. 
Jenny has purple sunglasses. Mike is scared to see a bear. Jenny is taking the pie to the table. 
A bear is standing behind Mike. There is a pie on the table. Mike and Jenny can not reach the pie. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The pie is on the table. The bear is is scaring Jenny. 
A dog is hiding behind a tree. Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike has a turn with the ball. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike And Jenny are playing in front of the tree. 
A plane flies overhead. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike kicked the ball to Jenny. Jenny is happy to get the ball. The dog is beside the table. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is cheering for Mike. Mike and Jenny are playing beside a tree. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. Jenny has on a pirate hat. The doggy is watching Mike. 
Jenny has a pirate hat on. Mike kicked a soccer ball. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball to Mike. Mike will kick the soccer ball to Jenny. The dog sees Mike. 
Mike kicks the ball Jenny is happy Jenny is wearing sunglasses 
Mike and Jenny play soccer. Mike kicks the soccer ball. Jenny likes playing soccer with Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are on the swings. Mike and Jenny are mad at the cat. The cat is sitting on top of the slide. 
Mike is in a swing set. Mike is very happy. There's a cat sitiig in the grass. 
The cat is sitting by the swing. Jenny is sitting on the swing. Mike is sitting on the swing. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting behind the swings. The cat is next to the swing set. It is a sunny day. 
The sun is in the sky. A cat is sitting down. Mike and Jenny are on the swings. 
Mike is sitting on the swing. Jenny is sitting on the swing. The cat is sitting by the swing. 
The sun is shining. Mike is sitting on the swing. Jenny is sitting on the swing. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on swings. A cat is sitting in front of Mike and Jenny. An owl is behind Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are on the swings. Jenny is mad the Frisbee almost hit the cat. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny swing. 
Mike and Jenny are playing on the swings The cat is not impressed with Mike and Jenny Mike is wearing a crown 
Jenny is playing with a kite Jenny is standing next to a duck Mike is waving his arms at Jenny 
Jenny is flying a kite Mike is standing next to Jenny There are apples in the tree 
Jenny has a colorful kite. Mike jumps under the kite. The tree has red apples. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is smiling and waving. The sandbox is behind Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. 
Jenny is flying the kite. Mike is throwing the ball. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is happy to see the dog. The duck is behind the dog. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is tossing a basketball. The snake is slithering away. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny has a star on her hat. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a helicopter. There are many apples on the tree. 
Mike is playing on the swings. Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is holding the mustard. 
Mike is sitting on a wing. Mike has a hamburger. Jenny has the mustard. 
Mike is behind the swing set. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Jenny is holding mustard. 
Jenny is holding mustard. Mike is on the swing set. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Mike swings on the swing set. Jenny wears a yellow crown. Mike wears a blue hat. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is holding a burger. Jenny is holding a mustard bottle. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is holding mustard. Mike is playing on a swing. 
Jenny is holding the mustard. Mike is sad because Jenny will not let him use the mustard. Mike is on the swing. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is grilling more hamburgers. The dog is looking at the grill. 
Mike is playing on the swing. Jenny is holding mustard. The swings are near a tree. 
Mike and Jenny are watching the airplane and hot air balloon in the sky. Mike and Jenny are sitting under an apple tree. Mike and Jenny are best friends. 
The owl perched on Jenny's arm. Mike laughed at Jenny and the owl. The owl wish he could fly away. 
There is a hot dog on the table. A hot air balloon is flying by. Mike and Jenny are laughing. 
jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is near Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are happy. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Jenny is beside the sandbox. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike has a hamburger. 
Jenny is waving at the hot air balloon. An owl is sitting in the tree. Mike and Jenny were wearing hats. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike is smiling at Jenny. 
A football is next to the table. A swing set is near the table. The balloon is red and yellow. 
Mike is waving to Jenny. Jenny is wearing a pair of sunglasses. A hot-air balloon rests on the ground. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is holding mustard. A snake is beside the grill. 
There is a snake by the tree. Mike is waiting for the food to be done. The dog wants to play with the ball. 
Mike is putting a hotdog on the grill. Jenny is running on the grass. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is grilling hot dogs. Jenny is excited to see the food. Mike is worried about the hot dogs. 
Mike Burnt the food on the grill. Jenny is happy because she didn't like hot dogs. The campfire is burning by Mike. 
Mike is wearing the hat. The duck is on the pit. Mike is holding the mustard. 
Mike is looking for the mustard bottle. The mustard bottle is beside the grill. The balloons make Jenny happy. 
Mike is wearing a hat with a star on it. Jenny is standing near the yellow table. Mike and a cat are standing near a grill. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike has a blue star on his cap. The sun is shining high in the sky. 
Mike is surprised at the duck. The duck is standing on the grill. Jenny is running towards Mike and the duck. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is running to Mike. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. The basketball is between Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a bucket. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is running through the grass. A shovel is poking out of the sand. 
Mike has a soccer ball. The dog is behind Mike. The riding toy is behind Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing tennis. Jenny and Mike are happy. The dog is between Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is wearing purple glasses. Mike and Jenny are running to the toy. The toy is yellow. 
Mike wants to play baseball. Jenny is running toward the spring toy. Mike has a baseball bat. 
Mike and Jenny are running to get more toys. The slide is next to the tree. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
The sun is behind the tree. Jenny and Mike are happy. The shovel is beside the bucket. 
A bear-like chef is standing with raised hands behind the yellow table Mike is excited at the site of the pizza on the table Jenny while backing the yellow table apparently makes a kicking motion. 
There is a bear at the park. Jenny is happy that the bear is there. Mike is scared that there is a bear! 
Mike and Jenny found a pizza on the table. A pizza is on the picnic table. The bear tries to scare Jenny and Mike away. 
The bear was wearing the chef's hat. The pizza and soda were on the table. Jenny and Mike waved their arms in the air. 
A bear is wearing a chef's hat. Mike and Jenny are afraid. The snake is taking a drink. 
Mike and the bear are surprised. Jenny is very upset. The bear is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike is aggravated. Jenny is near a table. There's a pizza on a table. 
The bear says the pizza is ready to eat. Jenny wants to eat the pizza on the picnic table. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Mike is near a yellow table. There's a near near mike. Jenny is near mike. 
There is a pizza on the table. The bear is wearing a chef's hat. Mike is running away. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny is near mike. Jenny is holding a pie. 
Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is sitting on the ground. A helicopter is in the sky. 
Jenny brings a pie to share. Mike sits on the ground. Mike has a yellow ball. 
Mike waves to Jenny. Mike wears a hat. Jenny made a pie to share. 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny made a pie for Mike. Apples are growing on the tree. 
Jenny is holding the pie. Mike is happy that Jenny has brought pie. Jenny is next to the bear. 
Jenny brought a pie to eat. Mike has a shovel. The dog is in the sandbox. 
Jenny is bringing Mike a pie. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. There are apples on the tree. 
Jenny and Mike laugh at a joke. Jenny is holding a apple pie. Mike is enjoying a cup of lemonade. 
Mike is sitting by a football. Jenny is giving Mike a pie. Jenny is standing by an apple tree. 
Jenny is kicking Mike. A cloud is in the sky. A bear has a burger and ketchup. 
jenny is kicking a base-ball. Mike is so frustrated. Mike has on a blue shirt. 
Jenny kicked Mike in the leg. The bear stole Jenny's hamburger. The yellow bench is next to the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is kicking Mike. The bear is roaring at Jenny and Mike. 
The bear is holding a hamburger. Jenny is angry and kicked mike. Mike looks scared and hurt. 
Jenny is angry and kicked Mike. The bear has a hamburger. There are three hot dogs on the grill. 
The bear is holding a hamburger. Jenny is kicking Mike. Mike and Jenny are standing by the tent. 
The bear is holding a hamburger The bear is growling at Jenny and Mike. It is raining on Jenny and Mike. 
The bear is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is kicking Mike. Jenny is wearing the witch's hat. 
The bear warns Mike he is about to be kicked Too late Jenny kicked mike in his privates The dog thinks the bear's burger looks yummy 
Mike is wearing a rainbow hat. Jenny is standing next to a tree. Jenny angrily throws a Frisbee. 
Mike kicked the baseball. Jenny threw the frisbee. Jenny is under the balloon. 
Mike is throwing the frisbee. Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is catching the frisbee. 
There is a helicopter is the sky. Mike is wearing a red and white hat. A dog is standing beside Mike. 
Jenny is not happy. Mike is very happy. Mike is playing with a freeze-be. 
Jenny and Mike are throwing frisbee. Jenny is getting angry with Mike. Mike remains calm and happy. 
Mike is holding the bat. Mike is standing by the tree. Jenny is throwing the frisbee. 
Jenny is throwing a Frisbee. Mike is wearing a catcher's mitt. Jenny is standing at the tree. 
Jenny is throwing the Frisbee. Mike is going to catch the Frisbee. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is throwing the frisbee. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike raised his arms to catch the soccer ball. Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. The cat and the dog and happy together. It is a nice day at the park. 
Jenny kicked the football. The cat is behind Jenny. The dog is behind Mike. 
Jenny kicked Mike the football. Mike showed the dog and cat how to catch a ball. The cat wished she could catch a ball. 
Jenny kicked the football to Mike. Mike will catch the football. The cat and dog watch Mike and Jenny play. 
Jenny kicked the football. Mike is running to catch the football. The dog and cat are in the grass. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football. Mike and Jenny are happy. The cat is sitting beside the dog. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mike is waiting to catch the football. The cat and dog watch Jenny and Mike play. 
Jenny kicks Mke the football. The cat and dog watch Mike and Jenny play. Mike isn't ready to catch the football. 
Jenny kicks Mike the football Mike stands in front of the slide Jenny is beside the dog 
Mike and Jenny are happy. The cat sits next to Mike. An airplane flies in the sky. 
There are balloons flying in the air. Jenny is sitting on the grass. Mike is waving goodbye to the bear. 
Mike is standing in front of the tree The bucket is between Mike and Jenny Jenny is running towards Mike 
There are four balloons. There is an airplane in the sky. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike released the balloons An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny A dog stands under the apple tree 
Mike let go of his balloons. Jenny is sad that balloons flew away. Jenny is jumping up and down. 
Mike looks mad at Jenny. Jenny is wearing a Viking hat. Balloons and a plane are in the sky. 
Mike is very shock. Jenny is very surprised. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
The balloons are flying away. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Jenny is worried the balloons will fly away. 
Mike let the balloons fly away. Jenny wants the cold drink. Red apples grow on the tree. 
Mike is playing with a freeze-be. Jenny is near a grill. There are three hot-dogs on the grill. 
Jenny is flying her kite Mike is playing with his frisbee Mike is standing next to the appletree 
Jenny is flying a kite Mike is playing with a Frisbee Jenny is sad because she wants the frisbee 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike wants to play Frisbee with the cat. The cat does not like the Frisbee. 
Mike threw the Frisbee to Jenny. Jenny held onto the kite string. Jenny's kite flew high into the air. 
Jenny has a huge smile. mike is playing with a freeze-be. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is throwing a Frisbee. The cat is looking at the grill. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is catching a frisbee. There are two trees in the park. 
Mike asks Jenny to play Frisbee. Jenny wants to play Frisbee. Jenny is running over to Mike. 
Jenny is flying a kit Mike has a frisbee Jenny sees an airplane 
Jenny wears a Viking's helmet. Mike wants the frisbee. Mr. Own sits in the tree. 
Jenny is wearing a Viking cap. Mike is holding the owl. Jenny is holding a Frisbee. 
Mike offers his Frisbee to Jenny Jenny is angry at Mike An owl looks over Mike and Jenny 
A owl is in the tree. Mike has an orange frisbee. Jenny is holding her arms up. 
Mike is near jenny. Mike is wearing blue. jenny is wearing pink. 
Mike is mad at the owl. The owl is Jenny's pet. Jenny is jumping up and down. 
Mike is angry at Jenny. Jenny is sad that Mike took the frisbee. The pizza is on the table. 
Mike wants to play Frisbee with Jenny. Jenny wants to take the Frisbee away from Mike. An owl is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike wants the Frisbee Jenny has. Jenny did not want to share her Frisbee with Mike. The owl thinks Jenny looks funny with horns on her head. 
The helicopter is flying above Jenny. Mike wants Jenny's Frisbee. Jenny is crying because Mike is mad. 
Mike and Jenny wave hello to the bear. The bear is wearing a beanie. The bear cannot scare Mike and Jenny. 
The Bear just graduated Kindergarten Jenny made the bear a hat Mike and jenny are very happy for the bear 
The bear is wearing a winter cap. Mike and Jenny are laughing at the bear. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are laughing at the bear. The bear is wearing a snow hat. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Jenny offers the bear a pizza Mike is wearin a viking helmet Mike is beside Jenny 
Jenny and Mike say hello to the bear. The bear cannot scare Mike and Jenny. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Jenny and Mike are happy to see the bear. 
Jenny and Mike aren't afraid of the bear. The bear is wearing a whirlygig cap. Rain is coming from the cloud. 
Jenny and Mike are laughing at the bear. The bear is wearing a colorful cap. The bear is standing by the picnic table. 
The spaceship goes back to space. Mike dances with Mr. Bear. Miss Cat watches the spaceship. 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. Jenny is afraid she will fall on the pie. The owl is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny is going to land on the pie. The cat is next to the slide. Mike is happy to see the cat. 
Jenny is at the top of the slide. The pie is at the bottom of the slide. The owl is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny is going down the slide. Jenny does not want to land on the pie. Mike is sat that Jenny is going to mess up the pie. 
The owl is wearing a hat. The pie is on the ground. Mike is surprised  and Jenny is sad. 
Mike is not happy. Mike is near a owl. Jenny is near a pie. 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. The sun is hiding behind a cloud. The owl is wearing a point viking hat. 
Jenny is sliding into the pie Mike is laughing at his funny pie prank Owl thinks this is a waste of a yummy pie 
Jenny is sliding down the slide. Jenny is about to slide into a pie. An owl with a hat is next to Mike. 
Mike is holding an owl. The owl is wearing a viking hat. Jenny dropped the pie on the ground. 
A bear wants to scare Jenny. Jenny is giving the bear a pie. Mike is running with balloons. 
The bear wants a piece of pie. Jenny is talking to the bear. Mike has a bunch of balloons. 
The bear is happy that Jenny and Mike have brought presents. Jenny has made a pie for the bear. Mike is going to give balloons to the bear. 
The bear is wearing a witch hat. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is giving Mike the pie. 
Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is holding a pie. A bear is near jenny. 
Jenny wants the bear to have pie. Mike's balloons are flying away. A bear is waiving its arms. 
Mike has four balloons. The bear wants the pie. Jenny has pie for he bet. 
Jenny offers to share her pie with the bear. Mike found a bunch of balloons. The bear cannot scare Mike and Jenny. 
The bear is trying to scare Jenny Jenny is holding a pie Mike is wearing a silly hat 
Jenny offers a pie to the bear. Mike is excited to see balloons. A bear throws his paws in the air. 
Mike threw the ball to the cat. The airplane is flying over Mike. The apple tree is in the distance. 
Mike happily holds the tennis ball. The cat sits in front of the tree. The red grill stands next to the tree. 
Mike wants to play with the cat. Mike has a ball. The tree has apples on it. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is kicking a tennis ball. Mike is next to a cat. 
Mike is playing with a baseball. The cat is sitting under the apple tree. Mike is sitting beside the picnic table. 
The cat is sitting on the picnic table. The airplane is flying in the sky. Mike threw the tennis ball. 
Mike tries to play catch with the cat. The cat does not want to play catch. Mike threw the tennis ball to the cat. 
Mike is playing with a tennis ball. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The cat is sitting near the apple tree. 
Mike happily rolls the ball towards the cat. A giant cloud covers the shining sun. An orange cat stares lazily at the ball. 
Mike shows the cat the baseball. The burgers are grilling. It is sunny today. 
Mike is sad becasue he wants the burger. Jenny is holding the burger. It is raining in the park. 
The cloud is raining Jenny is holding a burger The dog is behind Mike 
A gray cloud drops rain on Mike. Jenny angrily gives up her hamburger and drink. A dog stands in front of the tree. 
Mike wants the hamburger. Jenny doesn't want to give the hamburger away. The rain is covering the sun. 
Mike is talking to Jenny. Jenny is eating a hamburger. Jenny has a drink. 
It starts raining while Jenny and Mike are outside. Jenny hands Mike his hamburger and drink. Jenny is very upset about being in the rain. 
Jenny is holding a soda. The dog is standing near Mike. It is raining at the park today. 
Mike is standing by the tree. Jenny is holding the burger. Jenny is holding the water. 
Jenny is holding a soda. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
It is raining on Mike. Jenny is holding her lunch. A dog is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. A snake is beside the sandbox. Jenny is holding a shovel. 
Jenny is in the sandbox. Jenny is afraid of the snake that is in the sandbox. The soccer ball is not in the sandbox. 
Jenny sits in a sandbox Jennis afraid of the snake There's a plane above Jenny 
jenny is very shock. jenny is in a sand-box. Jenny is near a snake. 
Jenny does not like snakes. Jenny loves the sandbox. Jenny doesn't see the airplane. 
There is a plane in the sky. Jenny is holding a pink shovel. A snake is scaring Jenny. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very scared of the snake. jenny is sitting in the sand-box. 
Jenny is sitting in a sandbox. Jenny is scared of the snake. A plane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. There is an airplane flying in the sky. 
A white plane is in the sky. An orange Frisbee is next to the sandbox. Jenny is scared of the green snake. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is not happy because Mike has the baseball. The airplane is flying over Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny wants the baseball. Mike wears a blue cap. Mike does not want to share his ball. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. The dog is wearing a hat and sunglasses. Jenny sitting on the ground. 
Mike is angry that Jenny cannot hit the ball. Jenny is holding the baseball bat. It is a sunny day in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Mike is holding the baseball. Jenny is sitting with a baseball mitt. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is angry Jenny is sad A cloud is moving in front of the sun 
It is sunny today. Mike is wearing a Viking helmet. Jenny is sitting by the sandbox. 
Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is mad  and Jenny is surprised. 
Mike is angry the bear stole the football. Mike will not give the bear his baseball. Jenny tries to keep angry Mike and the bear from fighting. 
Jenny is scared of the fire. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. The lightening bolt is touching the fire. 
Mike is standing by the fire. Jenny is standing by the fire. The cat is sitting by Mike. 
A fire is between Jenny and Mike. The cat is orange and brown. Lightning is coming out of a cloud. 
It is getting stormy in the park. The lightning started a fire in the park. Jenny and Mike are worried about the stormy weather. 
There is a duck under the apple tree. Jenny and Mike are scared the camp fire is ruined. It is lightning today. 
Mike is worried about the lightning. Jenny is calling the cat to her. The apples are red on the tree. 
Mike has a wizard hat on. The cat is near the fire. Jenny is very sad. 
Mike is wearing purple glasses. Jenny has two balls. Mike and Jenny are at the campfire. 
Mike is near mike. Jenny is very angry. A cat is near jenny. 
Jenny and Mike took the cat to the park. The campfire is glowing orange. Jenny and Mike are sad that it has started to rain. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. The bear is wearing glasses. The fire is between Jenny and the bear. 
The big bear is wearing black glasses. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The fire is close to the tent. 
A bear is scaring jenny. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is near a fire. 
Jenny is wearing a king's crown. Jenny is standing beside the camp fire. There is a pie on the picnic table. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. The tent is beside the campfire. A bear is growling at Jenny. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. Jenny has a gold crown on. Jenny is mad the bear is trying to scare her. 
Jenny is in front of the tent. The bear is wearing glasses. The table is small and yellow. 
Jenny is very shocked. A bear is scaring JENNY. A bear is near a fire. 
The bear tries to scare Jenny. Jenny is happy to see the bear. The fire is too close to the tent. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. Jenny is happy there is a tent. There is a campfire beside the tent. 
jenny is very mad. Mike is very upset. A bear is near mike. 
The bear is doing the Hokey Pokey. Mike is jumping in the air. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny run away from the bear Mike and Jenny are making hotdogs Jenny is next to the mustard 
Jenny is holding a drink. Mike is holding a bottle of mustard. A bear is wearing a witch hat. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. There is rain in the sky. There are three burgers on the grill. 
Mike is kicking Jenny. The bear is scaring Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a hat with horns. 
The bear is scaring Mike. Jenny is holding the ketchup. Mike is scared of the bear. 
Jenny is very sad. Mike is holding a hot-dog. Mike is very surprised by the bear. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the bear Mike is holding a baseball bat Jenny is wearing a viking hat 
Jenny thought Mike had a head like a hamburger. The bear wore sunglasses and a viking helmet. Jenny did not want to share her hotdog. 
Jenny is yelling at the bear. The bear is afraid of Jenny. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Jenny was surprised by the bear. There are a bucket and a shovel in the sandbox. The football is near the sandbox. 
It is a sunny day. The bear is chasing Jenny away. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is kicking her leg. It is a sunny day. Mike is watching Jenny. 
The sun is shining. The bear is holding both arms up. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny is afraid of the bear. Mike has four balloons. There is a cloud in the sky. 
The bear is trying to scare the children Jenny tells Mike the bear isn't scary Mike is mad at the bear 
Jenny is wearing a baseball hat with a star on it. The bear is behind Jenny. The sun is hiding behind a cloud. 
Jenny is holding her drink. The bear is growling at Jenny. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Jenny is afraid of the bear. The bear is hiding behind the tree. The sun is shining in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a whirlygig cap. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is being silly. 
Jenny is jumping up and down. Mike is holding the baseball bat. Mike is sad that Jenny will not play ball with him. 
Mike wants to play baseball with Jenny Mike has a baseball bat Mike is wearing a baseball hat 
Mike is sitting next to a bat and a glove. Jenny is happy. Mike is wearing a hat with a star on it. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat and baseball. Jenny and Mike are happy. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike has a baseball bat and mitt. Jenny is very happy today. Mike is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike has a baseball bat. Mike has a baseball glove. Mike is sitting with his glove. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is sitting by the glove. Mike is sad because he wants the ball. 
It is starting to rain. Jenny is raising her hands. Mike is sitting down. 
jenny is near a cat. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a glove. 
The basketball is between Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue hat. There is a hot dog on the table. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Jenny is holding a basketball. There is soda and a hot dog on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are mad. The hotdog and drink are on the table. The basketball is in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are arguing over a basketball. There is a hot dog and soda on the table. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting over the basketball. The hotdog and soda are on the table. The basketball is between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. It is raining over Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are playing with a basketball. 
Jenny wants Mike's ball. Mike wants to eat the hot dog. Red apples grow on the tree. 
A hot dog is on the table. The sun is out. Jenny and Mike are playing basketball. 
Mike and Jenny are fighting over the ball. The hot dog is on the table. Mike wants Jenny to stop and have lunch with him. 
Mike and Jenny are very angry. Mike is holding the basketball. The slide is pink. 
Jenny and Mike are smiling. The sandbox is near a tree. Mike has the pink bucket. 
Mike is sitting in the sand box. Jenny is sitting in the sand box. The ball is in the sand box. 
Mike is sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is sitting beside the ball. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. The sun in shining very bright. Jenny is holding a beach ball. 
Mike and Jenny are having fun in sandbox. The sun is shining on Mike and Jenny. Mike and Jenny are not wearing hats today. 
Jenny and Mike playing in the sandbox. Jenny has a soda. The airplane flying low in the sky. 
A helicopter flies overhead. Jenny and Mike are sitting in the sandbox. A snake slithers in front of the sandbox. 
Jenny had on sunglasses because it was a sunny day. Mike and Jenny played together in the sandbox. The hot air balloon went behind the cloud. 
Mike is near a dog. Jenny is in a sand-box. Mike is not happy. 
Mike and Jenny are in the sandbox. The sandbox is by an apple tree. Mike and Jenny smile at each other. 
There is lightening in the sky. Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is holding a tennis ball. 
There is one cloud in the sky. Jenny is running away from the snake. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
Jenny is running from the snake. Mike and Jenny are wearing glasses. Mike and Jenny are in front of the tent. 
Mike is afraid of the snake. Jenny is wearing a funny striped hat. Jenny is running away from the football. 
A snake is chasing Jenny. Jenny is scared. A hamburger is on the table. 
Mike is laughing at the snake. The snake is chasing Jenny. Jenny is running away. 
Mike and Jenny find a snake! Jenny is running away from the snake. Jenny is scared of snakes. 
Jenny is running from the snake. Mike is not afraid of the snake. A rocket just launched. 
Jenny is running away from the snake. Mike is wearing black sunglasses. Mike has a soda pop. 
Jenny is running away from the snake. Mike thinks the snake has come to play. Jenny is not cooking hotdogs any more. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball to Jenny There is a helicopter flying above Mike and Jenny are surprised 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is excited to play soccer. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball the Jenny Jenny i worried she may not catch the ball. Jenny is wearing a propeller beanie. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball to Jenny. A cat is under the tree. A swing set is behind Mike and Jenny. 
Mike kicks the ball at jenny and the dog. Jenny is afraid if the ball hits her she will let go of her balloons. The dog runs away when mike kicks the ball. 
Mike is wearing a funny hat Mike is kicking the soccer ball Jenny is trying to catch the soccer ball 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is excited about playing soccer. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat Mike and Jenny are playing soccer Jenny is wearing a baseball hat 
Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny. Mike wears a cap and cape. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny is standing by the tree. Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is throwing the ball. 
Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny is holding the balloons. The basketball is in the grass. 
Mike happily offers up his baseball to Jenny. Jenny laughs as the balloon pulls her up. A basketball rolls by the sitting orange cat. 
Jenny has balloons to share. Jenny holds a baseball. Mike holds a basketball. 
Jenny has colorful ballons. Mike is playing ball alone. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is kicking a basketball. Jenny is holding three balloons. The sun is shining. 
Jenny has balloons. Mike has a bat. There are two balls on the ground. 
Jenny will catch the balloons. Mike is playing basketball. Mike has a star on his hat. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Jenny is holding a baseball. Mike is holding a basketball. 
Mike has a basketball on his head. Jenny is holding balloons. Mike and Jenny are happy playing together. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is holding the balloons. 
Mike and Jenny are surprised to see each other. The hot air ballon hasn't lifted off yet. The kite is flying high in the air. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is talking to Jenny. The hot air balloon is landing. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny is kicking her foot. The hot air balloon is landing. 
There is a balloon in the sky. The snake is beside Mike. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. 
Mike and Jenny watch the balloon. The hot air balloon is landing. It is very sunny today. 
The balloon landed in the park. Jenny wants to go see the balloon. Mike is wearing a viking hat. 
Mike and Jenny are scared of the snake. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. 
Jenny wore a pirate hat. A hot air balloon landed in the park. Mike is surprised to see Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are holding hands. Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. Someone is riding in a hot air balloon. 
Jenny and Mike both have hats on. Jenny and Mike are both sitting cross-legged. There is a hot air balloon between Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny is sad because the pie is on the ground. Mike is sad because it is raining. The bear is hiding behind the tent. 
Jenny and Mike are worried about the scary bear. Jenny and Mike are worried about the rain. The bear tries to scare away Mike and Jenny. 
It is raining at the park. Jenny is quite sad. A scary bear is near. 
Mike is giving Jenny a hotdog and ketchup. A small bear is scaring Jenny. Jenny was getting ready to eat her lunch. 
Mike is holding a bottle of mustard. Jenny is holding a bottle of ketchup. Jenny is crying because she hates rain. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is near jenny. Jenny is near a table. A pizza is on the table. 
Mike is sad because it is raining. Jenny wants the rain to stop. The bear still wants to play. 
jenny is very surprised. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is near a grill. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is not happy. Jenny is near a pizza. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat with a star. Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The soccer ball is up in the air. 
Jenny and Mike are kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is wearing a hat with a star. Mike is wearing purple glasses. 
Mike is mad Mike is kicking a blass Jenny is waving at Mike 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball. Mike had a star on his hat. Jenny wears sunglasses. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is playing with the soccer ball. 
Jenny is standing on the bat. Mike is kicking the ball. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike kicked the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. Jenny is next to the tree. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny is kicking the ball. The rocket is flying in the sky. 
Mike is not happy. Jenny is playing soccer. Mike has on a hat. 
Mike is kicking the beachball. The tree is full of apples Jenny likes the sunshine. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny and Mike are playing with a ball. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking the beachball. The sun went behind the clouds. Mike has short  black hair. 
Mike and Jenny are kicking a beach ball. Mike and Jenny are by the swings. A hot-air balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. An owl is in the tree. 
Jenny is kicking the beach ball. Jenny is wearing black sunglasses. Mike is running from Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the beach ball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is not wearing a hat. 
Mike is kicking the beach ball. The hot air balloon is in the sky. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny Mike and Jenny are wearing sunglasses A plane is flying over Mike and Jenny 
Mike is kicking the beach ball. Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. The sun is in the sky. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky. Jenny is sad and crying. Mike is sitting by the apple tree. 
Jenny is very sad jenny is wearing a pink jumper. jenny is near a apple tree. 
There is lightning coming from a cloud. Jenny is scared of the lightning. There is a hot air balloon in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. The cat is under the tree. The dog is under the tree. 
Jenny is sad to see lightning. A hot-air balloon is in the sky. Jenny ran by the riding toy. 
jenny is holding balloons. Mike is very sad. Jenny is near a apple tree. 
Lightning is striking overhead. Jenny is running and crying. A hot-air balloon is in the sky. 
The toy is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sad and crying. There is lightening in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball cap. There is lightening in the sky. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Lightning scares Jenny. The cat jumps up on their toy. Jenny runs home. 
Mike and Jenny are laughing together. Mike is holding a baseball. Jenny has a basketball on her lap. 
Mike has a colorful hat on. Jenny is very happy. Jenny has on purple shades. 
Mike doesn't want to play baseball. Mike is holding a basketball. Jenny is holding a baseball. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is holding a baseball. A hot air balloon is on the horizon. 
Jenny is holding a basketball Mike is holding a baseball Mike and Jenny want to trade balls 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is holding a basketball. Mike is holding a baseball. 
Mike is wearing a blue shirt. Jenny is very happy. Mike is very sad. 
Mike slides and catches the baseball. Jenny happily offers the basketball to Mike. A hot air balloon floats in the sky. 
Jenny is holding the ball. Mike is holding the ball. The ball is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike has a baseball. Jenny has a big basketball. 
The mustard is behind Jenny. Jenny would like to share her hotdog with Mike. Mike is wearing blue sneakers today. 
The mustard is sitting on the table. Jenny is standing by Mike. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
There is a hot dog on the table. Jenny is wearing goggles. There are apples on the tree. 
Jenny has a hot dog. Mike jumped off the table. Jenny has a baseball cap. 
Mike has a hotdog. Jenny has mustard. Jenny is grilling hotdogs. 
Jenny dropped her hotdog. The owl is in the tree. Mike is helping Jenny. 
There is a hotdog on the picnic table. Jenny is surprised at the hotdog. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is near a table A hot-dog is on a table. Jenny is standing near a yellow table. 
The duck is in the helicopter. Mike wants the hot dog back. Jenny is wearing a purple hat. 
A hot dog is on the table. An airplane is in the air. Jenny is near the table. 
A snake is scaring Mike and Jenny. Jenny is crying because of the snake. Mike is scared of the snake. 
Mike holds his drink up high. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike sees an airplane in the sky. 
A snake is slithering towards Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the snake. Mike is wearing a hat. The snake is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing purple hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. A green snake is near mike. 
Mike is standing by the table. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is scared of the snake. 
It is cloudy today. The snake has a soda. The duck is walking by Jenny and Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the snake. Mike and Jenny are wearing funny hats. Mike and Jenny are jumping. 
Mike and Jenny are sad because it is raining. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is wearing funny hat. 
A snake is near Jenny! Mike is very surprised. An airplane is flying. 
Mike is giving Jenny a cherry pie. The cat is sitting by the picnic table. Mike and Jenny are having pizza for lunch. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. The dog is behind Jenny. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is wearing a chef hat. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Jenny is sitting by the slide. Mike is standing by the tree. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Jenny is happy to get a pie. Burgers are on the grill. 
The dog has a hat on his head. Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Jenny is scared she will drop the pie. 
Mike is holding a pie. The cat is sitting beside the dog. There is one cloud in the sky. 
Mike has a silly hat on. Jenny is very happy to see Mike. Mike is sharing a pie with Jenny. 
Mike is bringing the pie to Jenny. Jenny is happy that Mike is sharing. The dog is behind Jenny. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. The dog is under the apple tree. Mike is in front of the slide. 
A snake is near Mike and Jenny. Mike is very surprised. A bucket is near the tree. 
The green snake got lose in the park. Jenny saw the loose snake and told Mike to catch it. The cat wanted to play with the snake. 
The snake is slithering toward Jenny. The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Mike is standing behind Jenny. 
Mike is wearing the sun glasses. Jenny is scared of the snake. The cat is sitting in the sand box. 
There is a snake behind Jenny. There is a cat near Mike. There is a tree in the yard with Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground crying. The cat sits near Jenny. The snake is slithering towards Mike and Jenny. 
The green snake made Jenny fall down. Jenny slipped on the green snake. Mike ran over to help Jenny up. 
Mike is afraid of the snake. There is a cat under the sun. There is a snake by the tree. 
A snake has appeared. Mike and Jenny are scared of the snake. The cat does not care at all about the snake. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. The cat watches Mike  Jenny  and the snake. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike doesn't want a hamburger. Jenny is laughing at the dog. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
Jenny is playing on the swing. The dog is standing next to mike. Mike is holding a burger. 
Jenny is happy to see the dog. The dog is looking at the hamburger. A hot air balloon is flying away. 
Mike is standing under the tree. Jenny is holding the burger. The dog is standing under the tree. 
Mike gives the dog a hamburger. Mike does not want to share. Jenny is happy to see a dog. 
Mike is cooking the burger. The dog is standing next to the pit. Jenny issitting in the grass. 
Mike is angry that the dog wants the hamburger. The owl is in the apple tree. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing a funny hat Jenny is laughing at Mike's hat Jenny is sitting next to the table 
Jenny is sitting n the grass. Mike is angry with a dog. There is a burger on the grill. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike does not like his hamburger. The dog is wearing a blue collar. 
Jenny is kicking a soccer ball towards Mike. Mike is happily holding a hot dog. A hot-air balloon is in the distance. 
Mike is holding a ho-dog. Mike is wearing blue. Jenny is playing soccer. 
Jenny is kicking a football. A cat is sitting on a table. Mike is about to eat a hotdog. 
Jenny is kicking the football. Mike is holding a hotdog. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny kicked the beach ball. Mike is holding a hot dog. Mike wants to share his hot dog with Jenny. 
Jenny kicks the football away from Mike Mike offers Jenny a hot dog Mike is in front of a table 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very shock. Mike is holding a hot-dog. 
Mike is out of ketchup. Jenny wants a hotdog  too. Jenny is ready to play baseball. 
Jenny is holding a hot dog. Mike is running to Jenny. Mike is wearing dark sunglasses. 
mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is holding a hot-dog. Jenny is very surprised. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is very happy. Mike is near a duck. 
Mike swung the bat. Jenny wears a blue hat. Jenny and Mike play baseball. 
Mike is holding the glove. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Jenny hit the ball. Mike has a baseball glove. Jenny is by the apple tree. 
Mike is holding the bat. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is holding the glove. 
Jenny is holding the bat. The pie is sitting on the table. Mike wearing the hat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing baseball. Jenny has a bat and Mike has a glove. Jenny is standing by a tree. 
Mike and Jenny play ball. The dog wants to play with Mike's glove. Jenny likes a cloudy day. 
Jenny laughingly swings the baseball bat. Mike jumps in the air with his glove. An apple tree stands between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are about to play baseball. Mike is wearing a baseball mitt. Jenny is carrying a baseball bat. 
Jenny is wearing a helmet. Mike threw a ball. A duck is looking at Mike. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny sees the ball. Jenny is next to the table. 
Mike and Jenny are playing catch. A cat is watching Mike and Jenny play. Jenny threw the basketball to Mike. 
Mike threw the basketball in the air. Jenny is jumping up and down. Jenny is standing next to the cat. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are playing with a basketball. Jenny is happy  but Mike is surprised. 
Jenny threw the basketball into the fire. Mike is upset with Jenny. Mike is wearing a whirlygig cap. 
Jenny has thrown the basketball. Mike is wearing a pair of sunglasses. A hot-air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. Mike is beside the apple tree. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball at the park. Mike is a crown with gems on it. The bear is standing behind Jenny. 
Jenny is playing with a basketball. Mike does not want to play with the ball. There are three apples in the tree. 
Jenny is standing on the slide. Mike is scared of the lightening in the sky. The slide is by the table. 
It is thundering in the park. Mike wants to eat. Jenny wants to leave. 
It is getting stormy in the park. Mike is making hot dogs for lunch. An owl watches Mike and Jenny. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are sitting under the tree. 
Jenny is mad because of the lightning storm. Mike is having a picnic. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is wearing a silly hat. There is a helicopter in the sky. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. 
The owl is on the playground toy. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting in the grass. The duck is beside Mike. There are two clouds in the sky. 
A lightning bolt strikes above Jenny. A grey cloud floats above Mike's head. Jenny is wearing a hat with two horns. 
Jenny is wearing a crown on her head. Jenny is angry because she does not have a ball mitt. Mike wants Jenny to play with him. 
The owl is in the tree. The pie is on the table Jenny is pointing at the owl. 
An owl is in the tree. Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike is near jenny. Mike is wearing blue shoes. Jenny is wearing pink. 
Jenny is reaching for the owl. The owl is in the tree. The hot-air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the football. Jenny is holding a pie. An owl is sitting in the tree. 
Jenny worries the owl is stuck in the tree. The owl is watching Mike and Jenny. Mike is resting on the grass. 
The owl sits in the tree. Jenny brought a pie to share. Mike sees the owl. 
The pie is on t he table. Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike is surprised that there is a pie on the table. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is very happy. A owl is in a tree. 
Jenny has brought a pie. Mike is waving at Jenny. The owl is in the tree. 
The rain cloud is above Mike The thunder cloud is above the tent The hot dog is on the table 
Mike is happy to see a dog. Lightning strikes behind Mike and the dog. Mike has a tent to stay in. 
The dog is standing by Mike. The ball is by the tent. Mike is sitting by the tree. 
A dog is near Mike. Mike is standing by a tent. A bolt of lightening is striking. 
mike is very sad. Mike is near a dog. A dog is wearing blue collar. 
Jenny is holding a soccer ball. The dog is in front of the tent. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
There is a raincloud in the sky. Mike is standing beside the tent. The dog is watching Mike. 
Mike is sad that the dog does not want to play. The dog is in front of Mike. Mike is sad that Jenny went in the tent. 
Mike's camping trip is about to be ruined by a thunderstorm. Mike's dog has arrived at the campsite just in time for the thunderstorm. Mike is sad because he will have to spend the rest of his camping trip in the tent. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is scared of the storm. The dog is standing near the tent. 
Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. Mike is wearing a pirate cap. The cat is standing next to Mike. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny wants to let go of the balloons. The cat is sitting next to Mike. 
Jenny is holding four balloons. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is sitting under the apple tree. 
Mike wants Jenny's balloons. Mike is mad the sun is so hot. The orange cat sees the yellow sun. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is holding balloons. The cat is next to Jenny. 
Jenny has some balloons and a bucket. A cat is near Mike. Some fruit is on the tree. 
Jenny is holding a bunch of balloons. The cat is standing by Mike. Jenny is sitting near the apple tree. 
Mike has on a pirate hat. Jenny has four balloons. The cat is next to Mike. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding  balloons. 
Mike is mad that Jenny will not share the balloons. The cat is next to Mike. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is running toward the fire. The dog is standing next to the tree. The owl is hiding in the tree. 
Mike is playing with the beach ball. The brown dog is standing by the fire. The small owl is sitting in the tree. 
An airplane is in the sky. Mike is playing with a frisbee. A dog is standing beside the campfire. 
Mike is angry about getting wet. The Dog and Bird watch Mike. Mike storms by the campfire. 
Mike is very happy. A owl is in a tree. A dog is near a fire. 
Mike made a campfire. Mike brought his dog to the park. An owl watches Mike from a tree. 
Mike is near a dog. Mike is near a fire. A dog has a blue collar. 
Mike is very happy. A dog is near a fire. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
A dog is standing beside Mike. An owl is in the tree. Mike is looking at the fire. 
Mike built a fire. The dog liked to stand near the fire. The owl sat in the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing a hat. A helicopter is flying in the sky. A rocket ship is flying in the sky. 
The cat is looking at the tree. Mike is smaller than Jenny. The helicopter is in the sky. 
There is no one outside today. The sky is very blue today. The grass is very green today. 
The airplane flew over the duck and cat. Jenny saw her tennis ball by the cat. Mike was upset with the duck. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is throwing the frisbee. 
The pizza is on the table. Jenny and Mike are sitting on the grass. Jenny is upset that it is starting to rain. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Jenny is holding the balloons. Mike is behind the sandbox. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Mike is wearing the sun glasses. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. Mike is wearing a blue cap. There is a beach ball at Mike's feet. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is sad because the cat has the kite. The rocket is soaring in the air. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is sitting near a table Mike is not happy. 
Mike is resting from cooking. Jenny is by the table. A hamburger is on the table. 
Mike is under the table. Jenny is mad at Mike. The cat is in the sandbox. 
The duck is drinking a soda. The cat has yellow mustard. The tree has red apples. 
Mike and Jenny are sad today. There are no toys at the park. There are hot dogs on the grill. 
Mike is holding some balloons. Jenny is holding a drink. Mike and Jenny are sad. 
Jenny is sitting next to the table. Mike is sitting next to the table. The water is on the table. 
Jenny is wearing a cap. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. There is a duck under the table. 
There is a duck and a cat on top of the table. Jenny and Mike are sitting on the ground. Jenny and Mike look upset. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing a hat. A cat is sitting on the table near Mike. 
Jenny is flying a colorful kite. The kite is orange  green  blue  and red. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike made pizza for lunch. Jenny is happy that Mike made pizza. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike just made a pepperoni pizza. Jenny is hungry for pepperoni pizza. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike put pizza on the table. 
Mike has a pizza. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Jenny has a kite. 
Mike is holding a pizza. Jenny is excited to eat pizza. Jenny is running toward Mike. 
The cat is wearing a hat. Mike is wearing a hat chef's hat. Jenny is flying a kite. 
Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Mike is wearing a chef hat. Mike has a kite. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike has baked a pizza. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike made a pepperoni pizza. Jenny is flying a kite. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic in the park. Jenny is worried about the snake. Mike is showing Jenny what is for lunch. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. The burger is on the table. Mike is standing next to the table. 
Jenny is crying because she wants food. The snake is behind Jenny. Mike is reaching for the pizza on the table. 
The pizza is on the table. Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Jenny and Mike are having a picnic. Mike is happy. Jenny is sad. 
A rocket is taking off. Jenny and Mike are about to eat. A snake is creeping behind Jenny. 
The snake is behind Jenny. The pizza is on the picnic table. The hamburger is on the picnic table. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike is sharing his pizza. Jenny has a tennis racket. 
Mike offers Jenny Pizza. There is a snake by Jenny. Jenny is upset because she doesn't like pizza. 
A snake is chasing Jenny. Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is being chased by a snake. 
The dog is wearing a silly hat. Mike has a propeller on his hat. The hamburger is on the picnic table. 
The dog is wearing a viking hat. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Mike wants the ball. 
Mike is wearing his rainbow hat. The dog is wearing a viking cap. A balloon is high in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. Mike found a baseball at the park. Mike looks sad playing alone. 
Mike is wearing a colorful cap. The dog is wearing a Viking hat. Mike is running towards the baseball. 
The dog is a viking. Mike has a silly hat on. Mike kicked a baseball. 
The bear is afraid of the dog. Mike has to get the ball first The dog can not see the bear. 
Mike is wearing a grey cap. The brown dog has on a viking hat. Mike and the dog are playing fetch. 
The sun is in the sky. The dog is wearing a Viking cap. Mike is wearing a colorful cap. 
Mike is at the park with his dog. Mike is playing an imaginary game. Mike's game includes sports  vikings and rocket ships. 
Jenny is playing with a beach ball. Mile is jumping up and down. A soda is on the picnic table. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. The tree is full of ripe apples. Mike is excited and has his hands up. 
Jenny is holding a beach ball. Mike has balloons in his hand. Mike and Jenny are by the apple tree. 
Mike showed Jenny how high he can jump. Jenny offered Mike her beach ball. Jenny and Mike played by the swing set. 
jenny has a beach-ball. Mike has on black shades. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. The hot dog is on the table. 
Mike is holding the balloons. Jenny is holding the ball. Mike and Jenny are enjoying the sunlight. 
The soda is on the table. Jenny and Mike are dancing. The balloons are on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Mike and Jenny will have hotdogs and soda for lunch. Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball. 
Jenny is holding a ball. Mike is sitting down. Jenny is wearing a viking's helmet. 
Mike and jenny are camping. Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is running. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is sitting with a hamburger. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike is happy to have a hamburger. Mike is sitting on the grass. A helicopter is flying over Mike and Jenny. 
Mike has a burger. Jenny is running near mike. Jenny is happy. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is wearing the hat. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
Jenny is standing by the swing. Mike is eating the burger. Jenny is sitting by the tree. 
Mike is wearing a crown. Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is sitting in front of the tent. The tree is behind the tent. Jenny is smilling at Mike. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is standing next to an apple tree. There is a soccer ball under the tree. 
Mike has a hamburger. Jenny runs towards Mike. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
The owl is in the apple tree. Jenny and Mike are sitting under trees. Someone has made a campfire. 
There is an owl in the tree. Mike and Jenny are sitting beside the campfire. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike is near a fire. An owl is in a tree. One tree has some fruit on it. 
Jenny is angry because the owl is in the tree. The hot air ballon is red and yellow. Mike is sitting by the fire. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. jenny is near a apple tree. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Mike and Jenny are beside a campfire. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the fire. There is an owl in the apple trea. The pine tree is very big. 
Mike is sitting by the fire. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The owl is sitting in the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting around a campfire. Mike is smiling at Jenny. Jenny is sitting under a pine tree. 
Jenny and Mike have a fire. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is standing by the owl. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Mike hit his knee on the picnic table. Mike is standing next to an apple tree. 
It is raining today. Jenny is giving Mike a hamburger. Mike is holding mustard. 
Mike is sad because he wants a hamburger. Jenny is holding a hamburger and mustard. There are three hamburgers on the grill. 
Mike is sad because Jenny took the hamburger. Mike is holding the bottle of mustard. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike wants Jenny's hamburger. Jenny is teasing Mike with a hamburger. There are hotdogs cooking on the barbecue. 
Mike is resting on the grass. Jenny has a hamburger. Jenny put mustard on her hamburger. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger. Jenny is wearing a colorful hat. Mike is wearing sunglasses and a winter hat. 
Mike is scared of the lightening. There is lightening in the sky. Jenny has a hamburger. 
The grill is next to Mike. Mike is sad because Jenny left. The apple tree has four apples. 
Mike cannot find his hotdog. Mike brought the mustard. Jenny is eating a hamburger. 
Mike and Jenny are playing soccer. The duck is near Jenny. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball to Mike Mike is between two trees Jenny is wearing black shoes 
Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Mike is having fun. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. The duck is beside Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
The duck is next to Jenny. Jenny is trying to kick the soccer ball. Mike is jumping in the air. 
Jenny accidentally hit Mike with the ball. The sun is wearing sunglasses. Mike is looking away from Jenny. 
The duck is waddling past Jenny. Jenny has kicked a soccer ball in the air. Mike didn't catch the ball. 
Jenny kicks the soccer ball towards Mike. A blue duck waddles towards Jenny. The sun shines brightly above Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are kicking a soccer ball. The sun is in the sky. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
The duck is grey. Mike is sitting down. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. 
Jenny is waving to someone else. There is a football in the sandbox. Mike is raising his hands in the air. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are waving. The ball is in the sandbox. 
A football is on the sand. Jenny and Mike are smiling. A cat is in front of the tree. 
Jenny has on a pair of sunglasses. Jenny is playing in the sandbox. There is a hot air balloon. 
Mike and Jenny are saying hi to a friend. Mike and Jenny were playing in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are about to play football. 
Mike and Jenny found their football. The football was found in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are happy to find the football. 
Theres a cloud over the sandbox Mike and jenny are waving there is a football in the sandbox 
Mike and Jenny like wearing hats. Mike's hat has horns. Jenny's hat is a crown. 
Jenny wears a witch hat. Jenny and Mike leave the football in the sandbox. Mike pretends to be an animal. 
The rocket is blasting off. The football is in the sand box. Mike is jumping high. 
Jenny is running on the table. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is standing in front of the tree. 
Mike is holding a pink sc Jenny is wearing a witche's hat Jenny wants the pink scoop 
Mike and Jenny are playing pretend. Mike is in front of the swing set. Jenny wants to give Mike a hug. 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. The duck is looking at a witch hat. Jenny is jumping up and down. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing a chef cap. Mike is running with a beverage. 
The picnic table is by the tree. The apple tree has lots of apples. Mike and Jenny are running. 
Mike wears a hat like a pirate. Mike has a cold drink. Jenny has balloons to share. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike has a pirate hat on. Jenny has sunglasses on. One tree has fruit on it. 
Jenny is near a apple tree. Mike is near jenny. jenny is wearing pink. 
It is rainy in the park. Mike wants Jenny to kick the soccer ball to him. The dog watches Mike and Jenny play soccer. 
Jenny kicked the soccer ball. Mike is wearing a blue hat. It is raining at the park today. 
Jenny is kicking the ball to Mike. Mike is wearing a baseball hat. Jenny is surprised by the rain. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. Mike is going to catch the ball. 
Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is wearing a crown. It is starting to rain. 
Jenny happily kicks the soccer ball to Mike. A small cloud begins to rain above Mike. A small orange cat sits under the cloud. 
Mike kicked the soccer ball in the air. The snake is in the grass. Jenny kicked her leg forward. 
The airplane flew into the rain. Raindrops fell on the cats head. Jenny kicked the wet soccer ball. 
Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball in the rain. The apples on the tree are red. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. Mike will catch the soccer ball. The owl is high in the tree. 
Mike needs to practice baseball Jenny is angry that he misses every pitch Mike wishes he could play as good as Jenny 
Mike is holding a baseball and baseball bat. Mike is beside the apple tree. Mike is sad  and Jenny is angry. 
There is a rain cloud over Mike. The owl is in the tree. A snake is slithering towards Jenny. 
Mike misses the ball with the bat. Jenny is trying to catch the ball. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is holding the bat. It is cloudy today. 
Mike has a bat. Jenny has a glove. Mike hit the ball to Jenny. 
Mike is going to hit the ball to Jenny. Jenny is looking angrily at Mike. It is a sunny day. 
Mike is having trouble hitting the ball. Jenny is done playing baseball. Mike is holding the bat and ball. 
Jenny is not happy. Mike is holding a bat. Mike is near a owl. 
Jenny has just pitched a baseball. Mike is waiting to hit the baseball. A dog is standing by Mike's feet. 
A kite is flying in the sky. Jenny is wearing a crown. There is a fire burning on the grass. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is going to run into Mike. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a winter hat. Jenny is running. 
There is a pail in the sandbox. Jenny is beside the sandbox. Jenny has a kite. 
Mike is reaching for the kite. Jenny is flying the kite. No one is at the swing set. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding a kite. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is wearing a crown. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. 
Jenny is having fun flying her kite. There is a cat watching Jenny fly her kite. Mike is about to step on the cat. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is angry. Jenny and Mike are standing under a cloud. 
Jenny want the kite. Mike has the kite. The sun shines on Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny runaway from the snake Jenny is running under the rain Jenny tries to grab Mike's hand 
There is a balloon in the sky. It is raining. Mike is chasing the snake that's chasing Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is looking very surprised. A snak is after Jenny. 
A snake is chasing Mike and Jenny. Mike is wearing a pirate's hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
A green snake is chasing Jenny. The balloon is floating away. Mike's tee shirt is blue. 
Jenny flies a kite Jenny wears sunglasses. The green snake follows Jenny. 
Mike is chasing the snake Jenny is scared of the snake Jenny is wearing a hat 
Mike is kicking the snake. Jenny is running away. It is starting to rain. 
jenny missed the ball. Mike wears sunglasses. It's raining on the snake. 
Mike is behind jenny. Jenny is wearing a crown. A green snake is near jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. The duck is under the slide. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike and Jenny are happy and playing. They are kicking the ball. Mike has a funny hat on his head. 
There is one cloud in the sky. Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball. Jenny is next to the slide. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is happy to be getting the ball. There is a cloud in the sky. 
The owl is watching Jenny and Mike The sun is shining brightly. Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. 
The beach ball is colorful. The slide is bright red. Mike is kicking the beach ball. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. The snake is slithering towards Jenny. Mike is kicking the soccer ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing soccer. There is a sliding board behind Mike. The picnic table is yellow. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is kicking a beach ball. Jenny is running towards mike.J 
Mike is kicking the ball. The cat sees Mike. Jenny sees the ball. 
The owl is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is upset at the owl. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Jenny is upset an owl is in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
The owl is perched on the sandbox. Jenny doesn't like the owl in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike tells Jenny the owl has rabies Jenny is scared of the owl The owl thinks Mike is being a jerk 
Mike is wearing a pirate hat. An owl is sitting on the edge of the sandbox. Jenny is worried the owl is in the sandbox. 
The owl is guarding his treasure Mike says as a pirate he should get the treasure Jenny says she will tell Mom if he takes it 
There is an owl in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny wants the owl to go away. 
The owl is in the sandbox. Mike is reaching his arms forward. Jenny has one arm raised. 
Mike is standing by the tree. The owl is hiding. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
An owl is in the sandbox. Mike is wearing a blue shirt. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Mike is smiling and carrying the owl. There are two balls on the ground. It is a sunny day. 
Jenny is waving at Mike. The owl is standing in the tree. Mike wants to play with the ball. 
Mike wants to play ball. Mike is happy to see Mr. Owl. Mike waves to an owl. 
The owl is wearing glasses. Mike is smiling at the owl. Mike wants to play with the balls. 
Mike tries to catch the glove and football. An owl stands between the tree and Mike. A grey cloud silently floats above Mike. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is near a basket-ball. Mike is near a foot-ball. 
Mike threw all the balls in the air. The apples on the tree are ripe. Jenny is happy that she is holding an owl. 
Mike is happy to see Mr. Owl. Mr. Owl wants to play sports with Mike. Mike and Mr. Owl love sports. 
Mike is very sad. Mike is near a glove. Mike is near a tree. 
Mike is very happy. A owl is in a tree. Mike is wearing  blue shoes. 
Mike and Jenny are throwing a football. Mike wears a cap to block the sun. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Jenny is throwing a baseball to Mike. Mike wanted to catch the baseball. Mike was wearing a baseball mitt. 
Mike is very surprise. Jenny is very happy. Mike is near a fire. 
Mike and Jenny are throwing a baseball. A hot-air balloon flies nearby. Mike is sitting by the tree. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very happy. jenny is hold a glove. 
Mike is sitting on the ground with a baseball glove. Jenny is getting ready to throw a baseball. The dog is sniffing the table. 
Mike is holding a baseball mitt. Jenny is about to throw the baseball. The cloud is starting to cover the sun. 
Jenny has a baseball glove. Mike is very happy. An airplane is in the sky. 
Mike is setting on the ground. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. There is a ball on the ground. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike found a cool snake. Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike wants to pick cherries from the tree. 
The green snake is near Jenny. Mike is wearing a blue cap. There are burgers on the grill. 
Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is by the tree. The snake is scaring Jenny. The snake is green. Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike and Jenny are in front of the apple tree. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is afraid of the green snake. There are burgers on the grill. 
scared of snake and screaming barbecue outing 
Jenny is jumping up and down. Mike is holding a hamburger. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is standing beside the grill. The snake is beside the grill. There is one apple tree. 
Jenny and Mike are having a barbecue Jenny is scared of the snake Mike is trying to grab an apple 
Jenny and Mike are picking apples. The snake is green. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very shock. Mike is near a grill. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. Mike is sad while throwing the ball. 
Mike and Jenny play baseball. Jenny wears purple sunglasses. Mike wears a Viking's helmet. 
Mike does not want to share his baseball with Jenny. Jenny is asking Mike to throw the baseball to her. She has her mitt ready. There is a campfire lit even though there is no one using it. 
Jenny is wearing a baseball mitt. Mike is standing next to the soda. The witch hat is in the sandbox. 
Mike is sad with his baseball. Jenny is waiting to catch the baseball. There is a hot air balloon flying. 
Jenny is happy because she wants the ball. Mike is mad because it is hot. Mike and Jenny are standing near the tree. 
A tennis ball is near the cat. Jenny is going to catch a baseball. A cloud is in the sky. 
Jenny has a hat on. Mike has a baseball. A rocket is in the sky. 
Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. An airplane is flying through the air. Jenny has on a colorful hat. 
Mike is happy playing ball. Mike threw the ball to Jenny. Jenny is afraid she will miss the ball. 
The owl sits in the tree. The orange cat watches Jenny. Jenny has a tent to sleep in. 
There is a cat next to Jenny. There is an orange tent next to Jenny. Jenny is holding a frisbee. 
A cat is near Jenny. Two trees are by the tent. A cloud is in the sky. 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Jenny and the cat are sitting together. The tent is pitched by a tree. 
Jenny is wearing a blue hat Jenny and the cat are sitting down The tent is by the tree. 
jenny is very happy. jenny is holding a cat. A duck is near a tree. 
Jenny is holding the cat. The snake is behind the fire. Jenny is warm and happy near the fire. 
Jenny is sitting at the park. The sun is hiding behind the cloud. The cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is sitting by the tent eating a hotdog. The cat wants Jenny's hotdog. 
Mike is kicking the green snake. Jenny is smiling at Mike. A cat is sitting near Jenny. 
Mike has come to play in the park with Jenny. Mike brought his dog to the park  too. Jenny see Mike and waves hello to him. 
The hot air balloon is flying over Mike. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is happy to see the dog. 
Mike is near a tree. jenny is very happy. A dog is near a tennis ball. 
jenny is near a grill. Mike is near Jenny. Mike is near a dog. 
Jenny loves walking the dog. Mike likes chasing the dog. The dog likes the park a lot. 
Mike is holding jenny's hand. Jenny is near a dog. Jenny is wearing a pink Jumper. 
Jenny is near mike. Mike is near a tree. There's a beach-ball on the grass. 
Jenny is wearing a hat with horns. Mike is wearing a grey and red hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting on the ground. 
Some fruit is on the tree. The swings are empty. The dog is near Mike. 
Mike is wearing a hat Jenny is happy There is a dog next to Jenny 
Mike is having fun. Jenny is happy to see Mike juggling. The airplane is high in the sky. 
Mike is kicking a ball to Jenny. Jenny is trying to catch the ball. Mile is smiling 
Mike throws the balls into the air. Jenny wants to give her balloons to Mike. Jenny has four balloons and Mike has two balls. 
Jenny is wearing a rainbow hat. Mike is holding a baseball. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Mike has a baseball and a tennis ball. Jenny is holding four balloons. The sun is behind the clouds. 
Mike sits on top of the swing set. Jenny runs to Mike with four balloons. Jenny is wearing sunglasses while she runs and smiles. 
An air balloon is floating in the sky. Mike is tossing a tennis ball. Jenny is standing next to a swing set. 
Jenny is having fun sliding. Mike dropped the balls. Mike has a baseball cap with a white star on it. 
Mike can balance balls on his foot. Jenny is happy to see Mike. The tree is full of cherries. 
Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is sitting by the tree. Jenny is standing by the slide. 
Mike made a cheesy pizza. Jenny is wearing a pink outfit. Mike loves his chef hat. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is holding a pizza.. Mike is very happy. 
Mike and Jenny see the airplane in the sky. Jenny has four big balloons. Mike has a yummy pizza. 
Mike is carrying pizza on his right hand while walking on a green lawn in a park. Jenny is excited as she walks beside Mike. Mike and Jenny have a brown dog in their company. 
Jenny wants the pizza Mike is holding. The dog wants the pizza too. Mike is happy he has the pizza. 
Mike is running away with the pizza. Jenny tried to kick Mike. Mike and Jenny will have pizza for lunch. 
Jenny made a big pizza. Mike had his baseball in hand. Jenny wanted to give Mike a piece of pizza. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a pizza. A dog is following Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is holding a pizza. Mike and Jenny are running toward the dog. The dog is standing under the tree. 
Mike is wearing a vikings hat. Jenny is wearing a purple hat. Mike is  holding a pizza. 
An owl is near a pizza. Jenny is quite angry. Mike is very happy. 
There is an owl on the picnic table. Mike is waving at the owl. Jenny looks mad at the owl. 
Mr. Owl watches the pizza. Mike is happy to see Mr. Owl. Mike and Jenny share a pizza. 
Mike is waiving at the owl. Jenny is mad because her pizza is cold. The owl is trying to eat the pizza. 
The pizza is between the owl and hotdog. Mike is waving at Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
The owl is sitting on the table. Mike is standing next to the table. Jenny is standing next to Mike. 
Mike is wearing glasses. An owl is on the picnic table. Jenny is holding a bat over Mike's head. 
Jenny is mad that the owl gets a pizza. The owl wears a crown for his birthday. Mike is wears cool sunglasses. 
An owl is on the table. The owl is sitting by the pizza. Jenny is mad at the owl. 
There is a owl on the table. There is a pizza on the table. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is holding a pie. Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. The soccer ball is beside the frisbee. 
The sun is in the sky. Jenny is by the swing set. Mike is holding a pie. 
Mike has a pie. The hot air ballon is high in the sky. The duck is waddling by the table. 
Mike is holdng the pie. Mike is standing by the dog. The balloon is flying in the sky. 
Mike has a delicious pie. Jenny is wearing a funny viking hat. The hot air ballon is flying high in the sky. 
Mike is giving Jenny a pie. Mike and Jenny are in front of the swings. Jenny is angry at Mike. 
Mike likes cherry pie. Mike is sitting on the ground. The sun is going behind the clouds. 
Mike is holding a pie. Jenny is running toward Mike to help eat the pie. Mike is in front of the table. 
Mike is wearing a cap. There is an air balloon in the sky. Mike is holding a pie. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike has a pie. The cat is across from Mike. 
A cat is near a tree. The sun is out. Jenny is not happy. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is happy playing with Jenny. Jenny is holding a tennis ball. Jenny is sad because she doesn't want to throw the ball to Mike. 
Jenny is afraid of the dog. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. Jenny is sitting on the ground. 
The soccer ball is in the sandbox. Jenny threw the tennis ball. Mike will catch the tennis ball. 
Mike is sitting on the ground There's a tree between Mike and Jenny Jenny throws the tennis ball to Mike 
Jenny is holding the balloons. Jenny is sitting on the grass. Mike is throwing the ball. 
There is a snake in front of Jenny. Jenny is scared of the snake. Mike is waiting to catch the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a tennis ball. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny is crying as she waits to catch the ball. 
An owl watches Mike and Jenny play catch. Jenny does not want Mike to have the ball. Mike wants Jenny to throw the ball to him. 
Mike and Jenny are having a cookout. The helicopter flies over Jenny and Mike. Mike and Jenny wave at the helicopter. 
ike is very happy. Jenny is near a grill. Mike is wearing blue shoes. 
The bear will land on the barbecue. The bear will ruin the picnic. A bear floated out of the sky. 
Jenny is standing on the table. Mike is standing by the pit. The dog is standing next to Mike. 
The pie is on the table. Jenny is holding up both arms. Mike is holding up both arms. 
Jenny is near a pie. Mike is near the grill. There is three hot-dogs on the grill. 
Mike is jumping in the air. Mike is next to the swing. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
A duck is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is wearing a chef's hat. 
Mike is jumping for joy. Mike and Jenny will have hot dogs for lunch. The barbecue is under the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is standing by the tree. Jenny is standing by the tent. 
Mike wants his pirate hat. A balloon is landing behind Mike. Mike's dog is looking for Jenny. 
The dog is looking at the bug toy. There is a balloon in the sky. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is mad at the dog. The dog is sniffing the riding toy. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is holding two balls. The dog is sniffing the playground toy. Mike wants to play ball with the dog. 
The dog sees the yellow toy. Mike wants the dog to play with him. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
mike is under a tree. Jenny is very upset. A dog is near Jenny. 
Mike does not look happy. The dog is looking at the riding toy. It is starting to rain in the park. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Mike is wearing sunglasses. There are four balloons in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a pointy hat. Mike is angry because the dog won't play with him. The hot air ballon in the sky is red and yellow. 
Mike is wearing a silly hat. The dog is looking at Mike. The soda is on the table. 
The cat is beside the tree. The dog is beside the apple tree. There is lightning in the sky. 
An orange cat hides behind the beach ball. A large brown dog smiles at the ball. A small cloud shoots a lightning bolt above. 
The cat is hiding behind the tree. There is a thunderstorm. The dog is looking for the cat. 
The dog is getting the beach ball. The cat is sitting by the tree. It is storming outside. 
The cat is hiding from the dog. The dog is looking for the cat. There is lightning in the sky. 
The cat is under the tree. Mike is sitting on the grass. There is lightening coming from the cloud. 
The grill is between the two trees. Is is beginning to rain. The dog is waiting for Mike and Jenny to return. 
The dog is behind a tree. The cat is behind a tree. The table is between the trees. 
A dog is near a sand-box. Cat is near a tree. There's a dog with a blue collar. 
There is no one playing in the park today. The dog is hiding behind the tent. The cat is hiding behind the tree. 
Jenny is standing by the dog. Mike is throwing the ball. The dog is standing by Jenny. 
The dog tail is up. Jenny is holding her arms forward. Mike has on a blue shirt. 
Mike threw his baseball over the dog. Jenny wanted to catch the baseball. The dog wagged his tail at Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. The dog is watching them play. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The dog is looking at Mike. The beach ball is in the air. 
Mike is standing by the dog. Jenny is drinking the water. Mike is catching the ball. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. Mike is mad because the dog is in the way. The soccer ball is sitting by Mike. 
Jenny wants to play with the beachball. The sun is shining brightly for Mike and Jenny. Jenny is upset that Mike is not paying attention. 
Mike is running toward the dog. Jenny is cheering Mike on. Mike is wearing a blue baseball cap. 
Mike is wearing a cap. Jenny is standing next to the dog. Mike kicked the beach ball. 
Mike is happy for pizza. The cat has a hot dog for lunch. The cat slides down the pink slide. 
Mike was sad the cat had a hotdog. Mike saw the pizza on the table. Mike saw the cat eat the hotdog. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is sitting with a pizza. Jenny is playing with a soccer ball. 
Mike is holding a pizza. Mike's shoes are blue. The cat is sitting by a hot dog. 
The cat is on the table Mike tells the cat to get off the table There is pizza and a hotdog on the table 
The cat is next to the hotdog. The pizza is on the ground. Mike sees the cat. 
Mike dropped the pizza on the ground. The cat is eating the hotdog. The sun is going behing the cloud. 
There is a pizza on the grill. The cat has a hot dog. Mike is waving to the cat. 
Mike will have pizza for lunch. Mike built a campfire. Mike is worried the cat will not eat the hotdog. 
The cat is on the table Mike is sitting on the ground The hot dog is next to the cat 
There is a rain cloud in the sky. Jenny is waving at Mike. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
It's raining on Jenny and Mike Mike stands beside Jenny The bear is wearing a toboggin 
Mike is wearing a crown. There is a shovel in the sandbox. The bear is wearing purple sunglasses. 
It is raining in the park. Mike is worried it has started to rain. Jenny says it is time to go home. 
It is raining down on Mike. Mike is holding a tennis ball. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike is wearing a snow cap. Jenny is calling to Mike. It is raining at the park. 
It is raining on Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is talking to Mike. 
Mike is sad it is raining. Jenny is scared of the lightening. Mike has a star on his hat. 
Mike is happy playing in the park today. Jenny is trying to call Mike. It is raining at the park. 
Mike has a hat with horns on. Jenny seems to be worried. Rain is falling from the sky. 
Mike is holding a football. A hot dog is on the table. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
Jenny is angry that Mike threw the ball to her. Mike wants to play with Jenny. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike is hlding the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Mike wants to play football. Jenny hates football. The spaceship leaves. 
Jenny wants the football. Mike wants to play catch with the dog. The dog wants to play catch  too. 
There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Jenny is sitting near the tree. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
Mike gives the football to Jenny. Jenny is mad the sun is so hot. Jenny jumps in the air. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
Mike is throwing the ball to Jenny. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. Mike is scared of the rocket. 
Mike is holding a football. Jenny looks angry at Mike. There is a helicopter on the ground. 
Mike threw the football to Jenny. Jenny is angry. The dog is standing between Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is reaching for the football. Jenny is wearing a crown. Jenny is angry because it is raining on her. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball near the apple tree. Mike threw the ball to Jenny. Mike and Jenny did not climb the apple tree. 
mike is very happy. Mike is next to jenny Jnny is very mad. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is throwing the football. Mike is jumping up and down. 
Mike and Jenny are playing football Mike is wearing a baseball cap Mike and Jenny are standing next to fire 
Jenny has a football. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. An owl is in the tree. 
Mike threw the football. The dog is by the grill. There is a soda on the table. 
Jenny is throwing the football. Mike is catching the football. There is a beach ball next to Mike. 
Jenny is holding the ball. Mike is stand by the tree. Mike is cooking on the pit. 
Mike is standing by the table. The water is sitting on the table. Jenny is standing by the table. 
The cloud is starting to cover the sun. Jenny and Mike both want the soda. The soda is on the picnic table. 
Jenny is next to the table. The water is on the table. Mike is sitting next to the table. 
Jenny is next to a table. Mike has on blue shoes. Jenny has on the color pink. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is really shocked. Jenny is near a yellow table. 
Mike finds the tent. A rocket is in the sky. Mike wants to play with Mike. 
The water is on the table. Jenny is standing by the table. Mike is standing by the table. 
Mike and Jenny are worried the owl is on the table. Mike and Jenny think the owl ate their hamburger. There is ketchup to put on the hotdogs. 
Mike is sitting on the table. Hot dogs are cooking on the grill. Jenny is surprised. 
An owl is on Mike's head. A dog is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
A bear comes along and scares Mike. A snake slithers past Mike and the bear. Mike throws his hands in the air when he sees the bear. 
Mike is scared of the snake. The bear is scared of the snake. The tree has red apples. 
Jenny got scared by the bear. The bear is eating hotdogs and hamburgers. Mike is sitting in a tree. 
The bear scared Mike. Mike is flying a kite. There is a soccer ball sitting by Mike. 
The air plane is flying in the sky. The bear is growling at the boy. The snake is crawling on the ground. 
Mike sees the bear. The snake is looking at Mike. The kite is in the sky. 
Mike is very surprised. Mike is sitting is the grass. A bear is after mike. 
A bear is growling at Mike. Mike is wearing a colorful hat. A snake is crawling toward Mike. 
Mike is afraid of the bear. A snake is next to the apple tree. The bear is raising its arms. 
Mike is wearing a colorful hat. The bear wants the hamburger. The snake hisses at Mike. 
Mike is holding some balloons. Jenny is waving to Mike. The apple tree is behind Jenny. 
Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is standing next to the apple tree. Mike is wearing a hat with horns. 
The blue duck is waddling away. Mike brought balloons for Jenny's Birthday. Jenny is holding up the mustard. 
Mike has a bunch of balloons. Jenny is excited to get a balloon. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. 
Mike brought balloons for Jenny. Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny thinks balloons are great. 
Mike has a viking hat. Mike has four balloons. The cat is beside Jenny. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is wearing black shades. Mike is holding balloons. 
Mike his holding four balloons. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny and Mike are happy. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Mike has four pretty ballons. Mike and Jenny are standing near the campfire. 
Mike is giving the balloons to Jenny. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is happy to see Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are running from the snake. Jenny left her beach ball behind. A snake is chasing Jenny and Mike. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is scared of the snake. 
Jenny is running from Mike. Mike is mad because Jenny is running away. Jenny is trying to catch the airplane. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the snake. A duck is looking at the slide. There is nobody playing on the slide. 
Jenny has a pizza. Mike is trying to kick Jenny. The snake is running away. 
Jenny is scared that the snake is chasing her. Mike is running away from the animals. There is a hot-air balloon near the park. 
Mike and Jenny are running. A snake is chasing Jenny. The duck is watching Mike and Jenny. 
jenny is very shocked. Mike is very happy. A snake is on the grass. 
A snake is chasing Mike and Jenny. Jenny is afraid of the snake. There is a spaceship in the sky. 
Jenny is afraid of the snake. Mike and Jenny are running. Mike is happy to see the snake. 
Jenny is holding a mustard bottle. A big plane is flying over. No one is on the slid. 
Jenny is crying. Mike is flying away in an airplane. Jenny is going to throw the mustard. 
Jenny is holding a bottle of mustard. Jenny is standing by a cat and dog. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny has some mustard The sun is in the sky. A plane is flying. 
Jenny is holding the mustard. There is a picnic table. There is an airplane in the sky. 
A plane is flying in the sky. Jenny has a tent to stay in. Jenny is sad the sun is so hot. 
Jenny is sitting on the ground by a tent with a bottle of ketchup and mustard. Jenny looks sad as a plane flies by. It is sunny out. 
Jenny ran out of mustard. The picnic table is beside the tree. The airplane is flying above. 
Jenny is holding the mustard. Jenny is wearing the sun glasses. The air plane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is holding the mustard. The airplane is flying over Jenny. The sun is shining on the swings. 
The cat is on the table. Mike is holding the ketchup. The rocket is blasting off. 
Mike and Jenny are having pizza outside. The cat is sitting by the pizza. Mike is wearing a cooking hat. 
There's a cat on the table Mike is in front of the apple tree Jenny is calling the cat 
Mike is behind the cat Tere's a pizza in front of Mike A table is between Mike and Jenny 
A cat sits on the table. A helicopter flies by. Mike and Jenny don't want the cat near the pizza. 
Mike is worried the cat will get the pizza. Jenny is jumping in the air. The helicopter is flying above. 
The cat is sitting on the table. There is a pizza on the table. Mike and Jenny are waving at the cat. 
A plane flies overhead. Mike and Jenny are calling to the cat. The cat is on the table with a pizza. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very shock. Jenny is near a pizza. 
The pizza is sitting on the table. Mike is not happy. The orange cat wants the pizza. 
Mile is wearing sunglasses. The cat is under the tree. Jenny sees the ball. 
Jenny wants to play soccer with Mike Jenny is running next to the cat An airplane flies over Mike and Jenny 
Mike is holding a hotdog. Jenny is chasing the ball. The cat is sitting next to the tree. 
Mike has a crown on his head. Jenny is playing with a soccer ball. The cat is sitting next to a tree. 
Jenny gets the soccer ball. Mike is happy to play. Miss Cat watches Jenny and Mike. 
The airplane is flying in the sky. The cat is under the apple tree. Mike is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is going to kick the ball. The cat is sitting under the tree. A plane is flying in the sky. 
Jenny is playing soccer. Mike is watching Jenny play. Mike and the cat are under a tree. 
Jenny is playing soccer. Mike is watching Jenny play A cat is watching from underneath an apple tree. 
Mike is wearing a wizard hat Jenny is wearing a pirate hat Jenny is running towards the soccer ball 
Jenny is standing in the sandbox Jenny is standing next to the beach ball Mike is angry at the rocket 
jenny has a beach-ball. Mike is mad with jenny. There is a owl in the tree. 
Jenny is playing witha beach ball. Mike is playing with a toy rocket. A dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny threw the ball. Jenny's ball made Mike let go of his balloons. Mike is angry he lost his balloons. 
Jenny is sitting with a beach ball. Mike is sitting by the rocket. The rocket is just taking off. 
Mike is playing with a rocket Jenny is playing with a beach ball Jenny is wearing a hat 
Mike likes to build rocketships. Jenny likes to throw the beachball. Jenny is waving at Mike. 
Jenny is playing with a beachball. Mike is playing with a rocket. There is a snake on the airplane! 
It is a sunny day. Mike is kicking the little rocket. Jenny is sitting with a beach ball. 
Jenny is running after the ball. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike has a toy rocket. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is cooking for Jenny. There is a pie and a hotdog on the table. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is waving hello to Mike. A cherry pie sits on the picnic table. 
Jenny has a kite. Mike is running around. A plane is in the park. 
Jenny and Mike are having fun at the park. Mike is flying a kite. The sandbox is by the picnic table. 
Mike was flying his kite over the grill. Jenny tried to catch the kite's tail. Apple pie sat on the table next to the hotdog. 
Jenny is flying her kite. Mike is eating a hotdog. Jenny put a pie on the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are having fun cooking out. Mike is flying a kite. The cat is looking at Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is sitting in the grass. A pie is on the table. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is ready to grill hotdogs. A rocket flies overhead. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Mike is holding a Frisbee. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in a sandbox. Jenny is playing with a beach ball. An owl is standing in the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the sandbox. Mike is talking to Jenny. The ball and the bucket are in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike play in the sand box. A snake slithers past Jenny and Mike in the sand box. Jenny sees a snake. 
Jenny and Mike are playing in a sandbox. There is a beach ball in the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are happy. 
Mike and Jenny are playing in the sandbox. The beachball has many colors. The rocket is high in the sky! 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the sandbox. Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is holding a can of soda. 
Jenny is sitting in the sand box. Mike is sitting in the sand box. Jenny is wearing the hat. 
Mike and Jenny have fun. Mike sits in the sandbox. Jenny sits in the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny play in the sandbox. There is a pretty ball in the sandbox. The sun shines in the blue sky. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands. Mike likes to drink lemonade. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are next to the tree. Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is jumping up. 
Jenny is jumping in the air. Mike is next to Jenny. The hot air balloon is landing. 
Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Jenny has her hands in the air. Mike and Jenny are standing beside a table. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike and Jenny are happy. The dog is beside the tree. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is near a soccer ball. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses The cat is blowing bubbles. Mike wants to hug Jenny. 
There is a mitt and two balls on the ground. Jenny and Mike are standing at the apple tree. Mike and Jenny are smiling at each other. 
Jenny is running towards Mike. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. It is partly sunny. 
A snake is on the swing. The owl is drinking out of a cup. Mike and Jenny are playing together. 
Mike is hugging Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
An owl is in the tree. Jenny is very happy. The sun is out. 
Mike a Jenny hold hands There is a dog next to Mike There is a hot air balloon behind Jenny 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is near a dog. 
Mike is talking to Jenny in the yard. The owl is watching Mike and Jenny. The dog is closest to Jenny. 
Jenny is waving at the dog. The dog is standing next to Mike. The hot air balloon is flying over Mike. 
An owl is in the tree. A dog is in front of the tree. A hot air balloon has landed on the ground. 
Jenny and Mike sit next to each other in the park. There is a hot air balloon flying. The dog is happy to see Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are holding hands in the park. The dog climbed to the top of the tree. A man in a hot air balloon is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny wants to go see the hot air balloon. Mike will go with Jenny to see the hot air balloon. Mike's dog will go with them to see the hot air balloon. 
Mike is wearing a hat There is an owl in the tree A plane is flying through the sky 
Mike is sitting in a sandbox. Mike is eating a hamburger. Jenny is standing next to a bear. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is jumping up and down. Jenny is next to a tree. 
Jenny is waving to Mike. Mike is putting a hamburger on the grill. Mike has on a chefs hat. 
Jenny  is jumping on the lawn. Mike is sitting down with a burger in his hand. There is an air balloon flying in the sky. 
Mike is eating a burger. Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is eating a hamburger. Mike is resting on the grass. A hot air balloon is flying over the park. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. A green snake is looking at Mike. Jenny is wearing sunshades. 
Mike sitting with a hamburger. Mike is wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses. Jenny is waving to Mike. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky Jenny is waving to someone Mike is holding a hamburger 
There is an air balloon in the sky. The dog wants Mike's hamburger. Jenny is wearing a pink dress. 
It will rain on Jenny's lunch. Jenny was going to have a picnic. Jenny is sad the rain spoiled her picnic. 
Jenny is holding a cat. Jenny is sad that it's raining. Jenny was eating a hamburger and hot dog. 
Jenny is sad because it is raining. The cat is sitting by Jenny. The hot dog is on the table. 
It is raining on Jenny The barbecue has food on it Jenny is crying 
It is starting to rain. The hotdog and hamburger are on the table. Mike is running home. 
Jenny is near a table. A cat is near jenny. A hot-dog is on a table. 
Jenny is standing next to a tree Jenny is waving to the rain cloud Jenny is next to a hotdog and hamburger 
The cat is sitting next to Jenny. Jenny is crying. A hamburger is on the table. 
Jenny is talking to a cat. It is raining on Jenny's lunch. The cat is orange and brown. 
Jenny is holding the cat. Jenny is afraid of lightning. It is raining on Jenny. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is near jenny. There is a pie on the table. 
Mike is behind jenny. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is holding balloons. 
It is a sunny day. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. There is a pie on the table. 
Jenny is happy it is a sunny day. There is a pie on the picnic table. Mike is saying hi to the hot air balloon. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny has black shades on. Mike has on a blue hat. 
Jenny sees a hot air balloon in the sky. Jenny brought pie to the park. Mike is saying hello to Jenny. 
A hot air balloon is in the sky. A pie is on a table. Mike and Jenny are behind the table. 
There is a hot air balloon in the sky There is a pie on the table Mike and Jenny are excited to eat the pie 
A pie is sitting on the table. Jenny and Mike are happy. Jenny is beside the apple tree. 
A pie is on the table. A hot-air balloon is grounded in the distance. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike and Jenny are scared. The duck is by the slide. Mike is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is surprised by the duck. The duck is sitting under the tree. Mike is wearing a blue cap. 
Mike is near a table. Jenny is near a duck. A duck is on the table. 
The duck has had a stroke Mike is taking the duck some soda Jenny is asking if anyone has a cell phone to call 911 
The duck has on a witch hat. Jenny is sitting on the ground. Mike is wearing purple glasses. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. The duck is wearing a hat. Mike is holding a tennis racket. 
Jenny is sitting in the grass. The duck has yellow fit. Mike is not happy.. 
Jenny is wearing a chef's hat. Mike is wearing a baseball cap. Mike and Jenny are surprised. 
A helicopter flies overhead. Mike is running towards Jenny and looking startled. A duck is between Mike and Jenny. 
The sun is behind the rain. The duck is going in the tent. Mike and Jenny have big eyes. 
Mike is holding a hamburger. A thunderstorm is starting to form. Mike and Jenny are gathered around the grill. 
Jenny is mad it is raining. Mike is making hamburgers. There is one hamburger on the table. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's cap. It is raining over Jenny. Mike is holding a hamburger. 
Jenny is mad it is raining. Mike has a hamburger to eat. The owl sits on the tent. 
Mike has a burger. A cat is near the dog. Food is on the grill. 
Mike made Jenny a hamburger. Jenny wanted Mike to get her a hot dog. Mike is trying to be nice to Jenny. 
There is a thunderstorm. Mike is holding a hamburger. Jenny is sitting on the grass. 
Mike offers Jenny a hamburger. Mike is cooking hotdogs on the barbecue. It is stormy in the park. 
Mike is eating a burger Jenny's hot dog got struck by lightening Jenny is angry 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. The hamburger is on the grill. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Jenny is very mad. Mike is holding a kite. Jenny is near Nos. 
There are balloons in the tree. Jenny is wearing a blue cap. Mike is flying a kite. 
Mike is flying a kite Jenny is jumping There is a slide next to Jenny 
Mike tripped on the tennis ball. Mike let go of the kite string. Jenny saw the kite fly away. 
There is an owl in the tree. Jenny is wearing glasses. Mike is holding a kite. 
The owl has a witch hat. Mike has a kite. Mustard and ketchup is on the table. 
Mike holds on to a kite. Jenny yells at mike. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike is playing with a kite Jenny wants to play with Mike's kite Mike tries to kick Jenny 
Mike is giving jenny a kite. Jenny is not happy. Jenny is sitting in the grass. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny want to play with the sand. The owl is watching. 
Mike is wearing black sunglasses. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny and Mike are kicking a beach ball. Jenny is wearing purple glasses. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is kicking the ball to Jenny. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny play ball. Mike is standing in front of the tree. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is under a cloud. 
Mike and Jenny are playing by a tree. Mike is happy because he kicked the ball. Jenny is wearing pink clothes. 
Jenny wants the beachball There's an owl between Jenny and Mike Jenny is in front of Mike 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses Mike kicks the beachball to Jenny Mike is in front of the tree 
Mike kicks the beach ball. Jenny would like to play with the beach ball. Jenny stands near the sandbox. 
Mike is playing ball with Jenny. Jenny is running by the tree. The dog is wathing the kids play. 
Jenny is wearing a colorful cap. There is a hot-air balloon in the sky. Jenny is next to the apple tree. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting in the grass. Jenny is holding a football. Mike has his legs crossed. 
Jenny is running with the football. Mike has a star on his hat. Mike is sitting down and smiling. 
The bear is wearing a witch's cap. Mike is in the sandbox. Jenny is holding the football. 
It is a beautiful day. The grass is very green. There isn't a cloud in the sky. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is offering the ball to Mike. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Mike does not want to play catch with Jenny. Jenny wants Mike to throw her the ball. Mike is running with the football. 
Jenny is about to throw the football. Mike is signaling he wants to catch the ball. An owl is in the tree! 
Jenny throws the football to Mike. Mike sits under the apple tree. Jenny wears sunglasses. 
Mike is watching the duck. Jenny is throwing the ball at the duck. A rocket is flying by behind. 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is sitting ing the grass. 
Mike threw the frisbee to Jenny. Jenny is waving at Mike. Mike is wearing a blue hat. 
Jenny tosses the frisbee to Mike. The cat watches them play. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are playing frisbee. A cat is sitting by Jenny. 
Jenny is holding the Frisbee. Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee. A cloud is hanging over Jenny. 
Jenny is by the sandbox. Mike has a Frisbee. The tree has red apples. 
Mike happily tosses a frisbee at Jenny. Jenny is happy to see the orange frisbee. Mike stands in front of several trees. 
Jenny is near the sandbox. Mike is throwing a frisbee. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny and Mike are playing frisbee. Nobody is in the sandbox. There is a star on Mike's hat. 
Mike and Jenny are playing Frisbee. Jenny is going to catch the Frisbee. Mike threw the Frisbee to Jenny. 
Mike threw the frisbee far to Jenny. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. Mike and Jenny are playing by the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. A bear is near Mike. Jenny is not happy. 
Mike sits on the ground. Jenny is scared to see a green snake. The snake and dog talk. 
Mike kicks the soccer ball to Jenny. Mike wears a red and gray cap. Jenny runs to Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are sad. An airplane is flying in the sky. Jenny is standing beside the tree. 
Jenny is running away crying. Mike looks startled by Jenny. Mike is sitting by the trees. 
Mike is sitting on the ground. Mike is starring at the dog. The dog wants to bite Mike. 
Mike is looking at the tennis ball. The snake is under the apple tree. Jenny is chasing the ball. 
Mike is playing with the beach ball. Jenny is sad because she wants the ball. The orange cat sits by Jenny. 
Mike has a tennis ball. Jenny is afraid of the snake. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Jenny is sad that the cat took the hamburger. The sand pail is pink. Mike is sitting at the park. 
Mike is holding the ball. Jenny is sitting on the swing. Mike is sitting by the swing. 
The plane is flying over Jenny. Jenny is sitting behind the swing. Mike is angrily walking toward the swing. 
Jenny is playing on the swing. Mike is angry at Jenny. The plane is flying over Jenny. 
Jenny is playing on the swings. Mike is running through the park. Mike is running to the cat. 
Jenny wants Mike to swing Mike says swinging is stupid The cat says she will swing 
Jenny isn't letting Mike on the swing. Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. 
Jenny swings on the swing set. Mike is mad at Jenny. An airplane flies in the sky. 
Mike is wearing a blue hat. Jenny is playing on the swing set. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Mike is angry because he wants to swing. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. Jenny is sitting on the swing. The cat is sitting by the swing. 
Jenny is throwing the soccer ball to Mike. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. There are apples on the apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is excited to catch the soccer ball. The plane is flying towards the sun. 
Jenny is throwing a soccer ball. Mike is running to Jenny. Jenny is next to the apple tree. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is wearing pink clothes. The soccer ball is above Jenny in the air. 
Jenny threw the soccer ball at Mike. Mike wasn't ready to catch the ball. The sun is shining bright. 
Jenny is throwing a soccer ball. An owl is sitting in a tree. Mike is happy because he wants the ball. 
Jenny is scared of the green snake Mike tries to chase it away Jenny will hit it with her soccer ball 
The owl is in the tree. Jenny is holding the soccer ball. Mike wants Jenny to throw the ball to him. 
There is a plane in the sky. Jenny has a soccer ball. Mike is in front of the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are camping. Mike throws the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny calls to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are standing in the sandbox. Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. The sandbox is beside the tree. 
Mike is holding four colorful balloons. There is a duck by the sandbox. Jenny is sitting in the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are standing in the sandbox. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. Mike is giving Jenny some balloons. 
Mike has some balloons. Jenny is very happy. The sun is in the sky. 
Mike is holding the balloons. Jenny is wearing the hat. Mike is standing in the sand box. 
The owl is sitting on the top of the ballon. Jenny and Mike are in the sandbox. The ballons are very colorful. 
Mike brought Jenny colorful balloons. Mike and Jenny are standing in the sandbox. There is a gray cloud in the sky. 
There is no one in the park today. The toys are on the other side of the park. It is a nice day at the park. 
Mike is holding the baloons Jenny wants the baloons Jenny is standing in a sandbox 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is standing in the sand box. Mike is standing in the sand box. 
Jenny is looking at the snake. Mike is sitting on the ground. The snake is crawling toward Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Jenny is holding her drink. Jenny is happy  but Mike is sad. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny brought Mike a soda. Mike is very thristy. 
Mike is jumping up and down. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. A helicopter is flying away. 
Jenny is sitting with a soda. Mike is wearing a Viking cap. There is a helicopter in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny is holding her drink. 
Jenny is drinking a soda. Mike is wearing a Viking helmet. The hamburgers are on the grill. 
Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is holding a soda pop. Jenny is sitting by the fir tree. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. Mike is pretending to be a viking. The football is next to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. Mike and Jenny are surprised. Jenny is holding a cup. 
Jenny is wearing pink. Jenny is near a swing-set. Jenny is very happy. 
Jenny is flying a kit. An owl is sitting on the swing set. Jenny is wearing a hat. 
A kite and plane are in the sky. The owl is sitting on the swings. Jenny is waiving her arms. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The owl is on top of the swing set. The swing set is by a tree. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The owl is sitting on the swing set. The sun is in the sky. 
Jenny is flying a kite. An owl is on the swing set. The sun is out. 
Jenny has a pirate hat on. The owl is on the swingset. The rocket soars in the sky. 
jenny is very happy. A owl is on a swing set. Jenny is holding a kite. 
An owl is sitting on a swing set. Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is standing beside the sandbox. 
An owl is sitting on the swing set. There is a balloon on the ground. Jenny is flying her kite. 
The bear is scaring Jenny. There is a rocket in the sky. The soccer ball is beside the bear. 
Jenny is running from the bear. The bear is scaring Mike. The beat is in front of the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are scared by the bear. Jenny is running away from the bear. A bear scared Mike and Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. The bear is really large. The bear is next to the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are running. The bear wants an apple. The bear doesn't want to share. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. Mike's blue shorts have a red stripe. 
Jenny is running from the bear. Mike is calling for Jenny to come back. Jenny has a viking hat on her head. 
A bear is chasing Jenny. There is a dog near Mike. Jenny is wearing a silly hat. 
The table is between Mike and the bear. Jenny is running to the sandbox. The apples on the tree are red. 
Jenny is running. Mike is holding both arms up. The bear has long claws. 
Jenny throws the basketball to mike over the grill. The orange cat watches mike and Jenny toss the basketball. Mike puts his drink on the ground to pass the ball with Jenny. 
A cat is near Jenny. The sky is clear. A basketball is near the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny like to play catch. The orange cat sees the ball. The yellow sun shines in the sky. 
Mike is wearing purple sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are playing catch. The cat and the goose watch Mike and Jenny play. 
Mike is holding the ball. The cat is sitting by the tree. Jenny is standing by the cat. 
Mike threw the basketball to Jenny. Jenny is catching the basketball. The cat sees the helicopter. 
The sun is shining. Jenny is holding a basketball. Mike is getting ready to catch a ball. 
Mike is playing with a ball. Jenny is very happy. A cat is near mike. 
Jenny and Mike are wearing hats. Jenny and Mike are playing basketball. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is holding a basketball. Jenny is excited. A red and yellow balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is standing on the table. Mike is wearing sunglasses. There is lightning coming from the cloud. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny sees the owl. Mike and Jenny hear the lightning. 
Jenny and Mike are holding their arms out to the cat. The cat doesn't notice Mike and Jenny. A hot dog and hamburger are on the table. 
Jenny is holding some balloons. The bear is standing on the table. Jenny and Mike are angry. 
Mike is sad that it is raining. Jenny is happy to see an owl. The helicopter is flying in the storm. 
The owl is in the tree. Mike is holding a Frisbee. Jenny is sad because Mike is angry at her. 
The cat stares at Mike and Jenny. Jenny shouts at the cat. Mike does not like the cat. 
The owl is sitting in the tree. Mike is sitting next to the ball. Jenny is standing next to Mike. 
The dog is on top of the airplane. The owl sits in Mike's hair. Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is very angry. jenny is very angry. Jenny has on a black skulls hat. 
Jenny is holding a hamburger and a drink. A hot air balloon is in the sky. The tent is behind Mike. 
Jenny is holding out a hamburger and a drink. There are three hamburgers on the grill. A cloud partly covers the sun. 
Jenny has a hamburger. Jenny has a soda. There is a soccer ball beside Mike. 
Mike is running to see Jenny. Jenny has a burger and drink in her hands. Mike is happy to see Jenny. 
Mike is wearing glasses Mike is wearing a crown Jenny offers Mike her hamburger 
Jenny is cooking some hamburgers. Mike is wearing his new sunglasses. Jenny tells Mike that it is lunchtime. 
Mike is wearing sun glasses. The cat is sitting in the grass. Jenny is holding the burger. 
Jenny is in front of Mike Jenny wants rhe hamburger on the table There's a dog beside Jenny 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny is giving Mike a hamburger and soda. There are three hot dogs on the grill. 
Jenny made hamburgers and lemonade. Jenny is standing next to the picnic table. Mike likes hamburgers and lemonade. 
Mike and Jenny have fun at the playground. Jenny has a drink with a straw. Mike and Jenny want to go down the slide. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting on the grass. Jenny has a glass in her hand. Mike and Jenny are happy to be outside. 
Jenny and Mike are sitting on the ground. The sun is out. Jenny has a drink. 
Jenny is enjoying her drink. Mike is wearing a warm hat. The hot air balloon is slow. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike and Jenny are both sitting on the ground. 
Mike and Jenny are resting at their camp site. Mike is being silly  he is wearing Jenny's sunglasses. Jenny is cooling off with a cold drink. 
Jenny and Mike have fun. Jenny wears purple sunglasses. Jenny has a cold drink. 
Mike is sitting down. Jenny has a soda. The sun is out. 
Mike and Jenny set up a tent. Jenny drinks a cold drink. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are happy playing. Mike and Jenny are sitting down together. The sun is hiding behind a cloud. 
Jenny and Mike are running from the lightning! Mike is scared. Jenny is holding a soccer ball. 
Jenny and Mike were playing in the park. The rain made everything wet. Jenny and Mike ran home when they got soaked. 
There is a thunderstorm. Mike and Jenny are running away. The soccer ball is on the grass. 
Jenny and Mike run away from the storm. Jenny and Mike forgot their soccer ball. It is getting stormy in the park. 
Mike and Jenny are running from the snake. Mike and Jenny are scared of the lightning. Mike and Jenny left their soccer ball behind. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is afraid of lightning. Mike and Jenny are running. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is running next to Mike. The dog is standing next to the ball. 
Mike and Jenny run away. Mike and Jenny are scared of lightening. Lightening is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are running away. Lightning is coming down from the cloud. There is a tree next to the sandbox. 
Mike has a baseball cap on. Jenny has a soccer ball. Jenny and Mike are running from the lightning. 
Jenny is happy to see the brown owl. Mike is afraid of the blue duck. An airplane flies above Jenny. 
Mike is mad. Jenny is playing with an owl. The sunglasses are on the ground. 
Jenny holds an owl. Mike flies a kite. The duck sits on Mike's lap. 
Mike is holding a duck. Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is holding his drink. 
A duck has on Mike's sunglasses. Mike is angry at the duck. The owl Jenny is holding is wearing a hat. 
Jenny is happy to be camping. Mike is upset because a duck is on his lap. Jenny is holding an owl. 
Jenny holds an owl under the apple tree. Mikes Duck does not like Jenny's owl. Mike holds a duck in his lap. 
Jenny is holding an owl. Mike is looking at Jenny. Mike is angry that a duck is stepping on him. 
Jenny has brought her pet owl to the campsite. Mike and Jenny have set up camp near an apple tree. Mike is angry because the duck is in his lap. 
An owl is on Jenny's wrist. A duck is on Mike's lap. A cloud is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Mike is going to eat pizza or a hamburger. Jenny is waving at the hot air balloon. 
Jenny is showing Mike the pizza. Mike is standing near the tent. Jenny and Mike have a fire. 
Jenny is hungry. Mike brought food to the park. Mike and Jenny will eat. 
Jenny is holding pizza Mike is holding a hamburger Jenny is sitting next to a bucket 
Jenny jumps for joy. Mike wants to eat the burger. A pizza sits on the table. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. There is a hamburger by the pizza. Jenny is happy because there is pizza. 
mike is near a table. Mike has a crown on. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is wearin a blue hat jenny is wearing a spinny hat There's a pizza in front of Jenny 
Jenny and Mike are excited about the pizza. The bear tries to scare Mike and Jenny away. The bear is going to eat the hamburger. 
Jenny sees a hot air balloon. Mike brought a hamburger. Jenny brought a pizza to share. 
Jenny sees the pie on the table. Mike waves at Jenny to come have some pie. Mike & Jenny want to see the balloons. 
Jenny is running towards Mike. The snake is under the table. The pie is on the picnic table. 
Jenny is walking towards Mike. Mike looks shocked. There is a snake under a table. 
A snake is hiding under the bench Mike is scared of the snake Jenny is running towards the snake. 
Mike has pie at the picnic table. Jenny runs towards Mike. The picnic table is yellow. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is on a table. A snake is on the ground. 
Jenny is running to the table. Mike is sitting by the balls. The snake is under the table. 
Mike is sitting on the table Mike is sitting next to pie Jenny is hopping on one leg 
There is a snake in the grass. Mike is wearing a silly hat. Jenny is dancing around. 
Jenny is jumping over the table Mike is sitting next to the snake Mike is excited about the pie 
Jenny baked a pie. Mike is angry today. The dog wants to eat pie. 
Mike is angry because his soda is warm. Jenny doesn't like her cherry pie. Jenny is wearing a golden crown. 
Mike has colorful ballons. Jenny has a pie. Jenny is wearing a chef hat. 
Jenny has a pie. Mike has some balloons. The sky is clear. 
Mike is sitting on the grass. Jenny is holding a pie. Mike is holding balloons. 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny brings Mike a cherry pie. The cat is sitting next to the beachball. 
Mike is very angry. Mike is holding balloons. jenny is holding a pie. 
Jenny is sad she's holding balloons Mike doesn't want Jenny's dring There is a cherry tree behind Mike 
Mike is holding the baloons Mike sits behind the fire Jenny is holding a pie 
Mike is very angry. Mike is holding balloons. Jenny is holding  a pie. 
Mikes viking hat fell off of his head. Mike dropped his hamburger. Mike and Jenny are running from the bear. 
A hot air balloon floats by. The bear scares Mike and Jenny. Jenny wears a silly hat. 
Mike and Jenny see a bear. Mike and Jenny share a tent. The bear is happy to play today. 
The bear is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is surprised  and Mike is sad. Jenny and the bear are beside the tree. 
The owl was at home in his tree. The bear copied what Mike did. Jenny watched Mike and the bear. 
Mike and Jenny see a bear at the park! The helicopter is flying behind the tree. The sky is cloudy today. 
A hot air balloon floats by. Mike and Jenny are scared by a bear. There is a big bear by the tent. 
Jenny and Mike are scared of the bear! Mike has a hamburger. Jenny has a hot dog. 
There is a single cloud in the sky. Jenny and Mike are afraid of the bear. Jenny is wearing purple sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are wearing hats. A bear is growling at Mike and Jenny. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
It is a sunny day. Jenny is holding the baseball bat. The cat is watching Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is near jenny. A base-ball is near mike. Mike is wearing the color blue. 
Jenny hits the baseball over Mikes head. Mike is surprised when the baseball goes overhead. Mike and Jenny are playing baseball on a sunny day. 
Jenny is playing baseball. Mike is happy to see Jenny. There is a plane in the sky. 
Jenny is holding the bat. Mike wants Jenny to give him the bat back. Jenny is wearing sun glasses. 
Jenny wants to play baseball. Mike is very excited. It is sunny today. 
Jenny is prancing with a bat. Mike is just prancing. The clouds are coming. 
Mike is wearing a funny hat Jenny is holding a baseball hat Jenny is wearing a viking hat 
Mike is happy to see Jenny. Jenny has a ball and bat. A pie is on the picnic table. 
Mike is holding a glove Jenny is holding a bat There's a cat in front of Jenny 
Mike is sitting next to the tent. Jenny is kicking her leg in the air. Jenny is wearing a witch hat. 
Jenny was mad Mike wouldnt share the Frisbee. Jenny tried growling at the snake to scare it away. Mike was so brave he didnt even stand up when the snake slithered by. 
jenny is very mad. Jenny is sitting in the grass. Mike is holding a freeze-be. 
Mike is wearing a witch hat. The snake is beside Jenny. Mike has a Frisbee. 
Mike has a frisbee. Jenny is trying to kick the snake. Mike has on round purple sunglasses. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very angry. A snake is on the grass. 
Jenny wants Mike's frisbee. A green snake is watching Mike. The picnic table is yellow. 
Mike is very surprising. Jenny is near a green snake. Mike is wearing a freeze-be. 
Mike looks surprised at the cat. Jenny looks angry behind Mike. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Mike has a frisbee. Jenny is crying. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike and Jenny are worried. Mike is sitting next to the cat. Jenny is sitting next to the apple tree. 
Mike is sitting next to Jenny. The beach ball is in the sand box. The pink bucket is full of sand. 
Mike and Jenny have found an apple tree. Jenny wants to play Viking games with Mike. Mike wants to take a helicopter ride. 
Jenny is looking alarmed at Mike. Mike is sitting with the cat. Jenny is by the apple tree. 
The cat is in front of the slide. Jenny is holding a soda. Mike is afraid that Jenny will spill the soda. 
Mike is petting the cat. Mike is sitting in the grass. Mike is wearing a red and gray hat. 
Mike fell down. Jenny is shocked. The cat is sitting by Mike. 
Jenny is wearing a witch's hat. Mike is wearing a winter cap. The cat is watching Jenny and Mike. 
The cat sits by Mike. Jenny holds the small balloons. The big balloon is high in the sky. 
A hot air balloon hides behind a cloud. Mike talks to Jenny. Jenny runs to Mike. 
Mike was mad at the cat. Mike showed Jenny his baseball. Jenny kicked the football to the cat. 
Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is catching the ball. Mike is standing by the table. 
Jenny is kicking the football. The soccer ball is in front of dog. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike is mad that Jenny kicked the football. Jenny hurt her foot kicking the football. The dog is watching Mike. 
Jenny is wearing sun glasses. Mike is catching the ball. Jenny is kicking the ball. 
Jenny has kicked the football. A duck watches Mike and Jenny. A Frisbee is on the ground. 
Mike is angry because he wants the ball. There is a snake at the park! Jenny is wearing round sunglasses. 
Jenny kicks the football to Mike THere's an owl above Jenny Jenny is in front of the apple tree 
There is a hot air balloon in the sky. Mike is wearing a Viking hat. Jenny is wearing a pirate's hat. 
Jenny kicks Mike the football Jenny stands in front of the swingset There's a baloon behind Mike 
The bear is roaring at the dog. Jenny is happy playing with Mike. Mike is angry that he didn't get to kick the ball. 
Jenny is kicking a ball. A hot air balloon is in the sky. A dog is standing beside a bear. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball. The bear is sneaking up on the dog. Jenny likes to play soccer. 
The bear has a hamburger. Jenny kicked the soccer ball. The bear is standing by the grill. Mike is very happy. There's a bear near a grill. Mike is playing with jenny. 
Jenny is kicking the ball. Mike is standing by the tree. The bear is scaring Mike. 
A bear is looking at Mike and Jenny. Jenny is kicking a ball. The dog is near Mike. 
Mike is very angry. Jenny is very happy. Jenny is playing soccer. 
Jenny is kicking the soccer ball. The bear is making a scary face. The dog is watching Mike and Jenny. 
The dog is next to the bear. Jenny is running away from Mike. Mike is waving at Jenny. 
The bear is wearing a pirate hat. The bear is next to a big tree. Jenny is kicking a soccer ball. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. A dog is near a tree. 
Jenny brings the ketchup to Mike. Mike is holding a hot dog. It is sunny but there is one cloud. 
Jenny got ketchup for Mike's hotdog. The dog wanted a hotdog too. Mike was grilling hotdogs. 
The tent is brown. Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is running. 
Jenny has a bottle of ketchup. Mike is about to eat a hotdog. Jenny is running toward Mike. 
Jenny has ketchup to share. Mike eats a hot dog. The snake wears sunglasses. 
Mike is holding a hot dog. Jenny is holding the ketchup. Mike is standing by the grill. 
Mike and Jenny are having a picnic. Mike came with hot dogs to share. Mike and Jenny are happy to share. 
Jenny is running with the ketchup. Mike is holding up a hotdog. There is a cloud in the sky. 
Mike is holding a hot-dog. Jenny is very excited. A cat is sitting near Mike. 
There is a basketball by the slide. The cat is behind the sand box. The apple tree is near the sand box. 
The ketchup bottle is on the table. A rocket ship zooms through the sky. Lightning is flashing in the cloud. 
The playground is empty because of the weather. There is a ball in the sandbox. There is no food on the picnic table. 
Jenny is very upset. Jenny is sitting on a slide. jenny is near a sand-box. 
A snake is in the grass. A shovel is in a sand-box. A freeze-be in a sand-box. 
It is a cloudy day with lightning. The pail and shovel are outside the sandbox. No one is outside. 
There is a shovel in the sandbox. There is a brown mitt and a yellow ball. Let's go down the slide. 
There is a shovel in the sand-box. There is a ketchup bottle on the table. There is a soda-can on the table. 
The park is empty because of the lightning. No one is playing on the slide. An owl sits in an apple tree. 
Mike is sitting on the ground beside a table. A drink is sitting on the table. Lightning is coming from a cloud. 
The bear was afraid of the rain. Jenny was sad the rain ruined the baseball game. The yellow bumblebee toy got all wet. 
Jenny is very shock. jenny is holding a bat. A bear is near jenny. 
An airplane is flying over head. A bear tries to scare Jenny. Jenny is mad the bear tried to scare her. 
It is raining over the swing set. Jenny is holding the bat  surprised. The bear is roaring at Jenny. 
jenny is wearing purple shades. Jenny is holding a base-ball bat. Ther's a bear near jenny. 
Jenny is wearing the hat. Jenny is holding the bat. The bear is scaring Jenny. 
Jenny is running toward the bear. Mike is angry at the bear. It is raining on Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is scared of the bear. There is a thunderstorm happening. 
It is raining out. Jenny is holding a baseball bat. The bear is roaring at Jenny. 
The bear doesn't like the rain. Jenny is afraid of the bear. The bear is wearing a pirate hat. 
Mike is doing yoga infront of a camp fire. Jenny is surprised by what Mike is telling her. The cat is listening to what Mike has to say. 
The duck is standing by Mike. The cat is sitting by Jenny. Jenny and Mike are sitting at a campfire. 
Jenny is next to a fire. Mike is near a cat. jenny is near a duck. 
mike is very angry. Mike has a hat on. mike is city near a cat. 
Mike looks like he is angry. The duck and cat are looking at Jenny. Mike and Jenny are sitting near the fire. 
Jenny is next to the fire. Mike is sitting away from the fire. The cat is talking to Jenny. 
Mike and Jenny are sitting by the fire. Mike is angry at the duck. The duck is walking toward the camp fire. 
Mike is sitting next to the fire. The cat is sitting in the grass. The duck is standing next to the fire. 
Mike appears angry as Jenny started a larger fire. While their friends glance on  Mike and Jenny appear to be in disagreement. Mike and Jenny appear to be upset over what happen during a camp fire song. 
Mike is very upset. Jenny is very shocked. A cat is near jenny. 
Jenny is sitting with a beach ball and a pail. Mike is running towards Jenny. Mike is by the tree. 
Mike has a ball glove. Jenny is sitting beside a ball. A helicopter is flying over Mike and Jenny. 
Mike is very sad. Jenny is very sad. Jenny is wearing a blue hat. 
mike is very sad. Jenny is not happy. Mike is near a dog. 
The dog is by the tree. The tree has red apples. Jenny doesn't want to play with the ball. 
Jenny fell on the ground. Jenny is crying because she fell. Mike is wearing a pirate hat. 
The ball is going to hit Jenny. Jenny is very sad. Mike has on sunglasses. 
Mike is running to Jenny. Jenny is sad because she fell. The crown is pretty with red and blue gems. 
Jenny is sitting by the tree. Mike is wearing purple glasses. The cat sits next to the dog. 
Jenny is crying because she fell down. Mike is wearing the hat. The plane is flying in the sky. 
An owl is sitting in the tree. Jenny is flying a kite. A frisbee is laying on the ground. 
Jenny is very happy. Mike is very happy. Jenny is near mike. 
Jenny is flying a kite. Jenny is petting the dog. Mike is playing frisbee. 
A helicopter is flying in the sky. Jenny is flying a kite. The frisbee is under the apple tree. 
Jenny is flying a kite. The kite is colorful. There are red apples on the tree. 
Mike's dog is playing frisbee at the park. Jenny is flying a kite in the park. Mike is wearing cold weather hat on a warm day at the park. 
Mike is flying a kite. Jenny is wearing glasses. Jenny threw the frisbee. 
Mike wants to play with Jenny's kite. Jenny is flying a kite. Mike left his Frisbee in the grass. 
Jenny is playing with the kite. Mike is next to the swings. Jenny is next to the Frisbee. 
Jenny has a kite. The dog is by the Frisbee. Mike is talking to Jenny. 
Jenny and Mike are playing ball. There are hot dogs on the grill. The sun is brightly shining. 
Mike and Jenny like wearing silly hats. Jenny throws the ball to Mike. It is a beautiful day at the park. 
Jenny is throwing the ball. Mike is catching the ball. Jenny is standing by the tree. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. There is a tree by Mike. Jenny looks happy playing with Mike. 
Jenny threw the soccer ball to Mike. The sun is shining high in the sky. Jenny is wearing pink shorts. 
Mike is very happy. Jenny is very happy. Mike is near a apple tree. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing a viking hat. Jenny is holding a soccer ball. 
Mike is tossing the ball to Jenny. Mike has on a blue hat. Jenny is ready to catch the ball. 
Mike and Jenny are playing ball. The cat is watching Mike. The sun is going behind the tree. 
Mike is jumping up to catch the ball. Jenny threw the soccer ball to Mike. Mike and Jenny are playing catch in the park. 
Mike is being rained on. Jenny has purple glasses. There is a dog by Jenny. 
Mike is getting rained on. Jenny wants to play in the rain. The dog is by Mike. 
Mike is near a dog. jenny is near mike. A basketball is on the grass. 
The snake crawls across the grass. The rain is falling on Mike. Jenny has three balloons. 
Mike doesn't like the rain. Jenny wears a pointy hat. A hot air balloon lands far away. 
Jenny is wearing a funny hat Mike is wearing glasses Mike and Jenny sit under the kite 
Mike is mad at Jenny. Jenny wants to give Mike a hug. Jenny and Mike are having lunch in the park. 
Mike is getting rained on. Jenny is wearing sunglasses. Mike is not happy. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is sitting in the rain shower. A cat is sitting near the soda. 
It is raining on Mike. Jenny is doing a rain dance. There is a hot air balloon in the sky. 
Mike likes to play with the orange cat. Jenny is wearing a viking hat. The hot air ballon flies above. 
Mike likes the cat. The dog is walking next to Jenny. Jenny is running toward Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with animals. Mike is petting the cat. Jenny is wearing a ball cap. 
Jenny is wearing a red and gray hat. Mike is petting the cat. The dog is near Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a pirate hat. Jenny is throwing the frisbee. The cat is looking at the dog. 
Mike is next to the cat. The dog sees Mike and the cat. Jenny is next to the dog. 
The cat is sitting next to Mike. The dog is standing next to Jenny. Jenny is kicking her leg out. 
Mike is happy to play with the cat. Mike is petting the cat. The dog is following Jenny. 
Mike is sitting with the orange cat. Jenny is sitting with a brown dog. Jenny is wearing a snow hat. 
Jenny likes the dog. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is wearing a warm hat. 
The owl is in the sandbox. Mike is sitting on the ground. Jenny is angry at the owl. 
Jenny is mad that the owl is in the sandbox. Mike is trying to scare the owl away. The owl will not leave. 
Mike is angry There is an owl in the sandbox Jenny has a racket 
The owl is in the sandbox. Jenny and Mike are mad. The kite is flying in the sky. 
Mike and the owl are in the sandbox. It is a sunny day. Jenny is waving her arms angrily at Mike. 
Mike and Jenny are angry at the owl. The owl is wearing sunglasses. Mike  Jenny  and the owl are in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are yelling at the owl. The owl is sitting on the sandbox. Mike and Jenny are smaller than the sandbox. 
An owl is in the sandbox. Mike is scared of the owl. Jenny is unhappy. 
There is an owl in the sandbox. Jenny is scared of the owl. Mike does not know what to do. 
Mike and Jenny find an owl in the sandbox. There is an owl in the sandbox! Mike and Jenny are sad because they can't play in the sandbox. 
Jenny and Mike are playing catch with a beach ball. A helicopter flies overhead. It is a cloudy day. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with a beach ball. Mike kicked the beach ball to Jenny. The dog wants to play ball  too. 
Mike is playing ball with Jenny. The helicopter is flying high. The beach ball has many colors. 
Mike is kicking the soccer ball to Jenny. Jenny is afraid of the helicopter flying in the sky. Mike is wearing a silly hat. 
Mike is kicking a beach ball. Jenny is near a tree. A helicopter is in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny kick the big ball. Mike is wearing a viking hat. The big helicopter is high in the sky. 
Mike and Jenny are playing with the ball. Mike kicked the ball to Jenny. Jenny is running to kick the ball. 
Jenny is standing by the slide. Mike is kicking the ball. The helicopter is flying in the sky. 
Mike is kicking the ball. Jenny wants to catch the ball. Mike has a funny hat. 
Mike is kicking a soccer ball. Jenny is running to get the ball. A helicopter is flying above Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a hat. Mike and Jenny are sitting by a tent. A bear is scaring Mike. 
Mike is very surprised. Mike is by a tent. Jenny is very scared. 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is sitting beside the tent. A bear is growling. 
The bear is outside the tent. Mike and Jenny are afraid of the bear. The apple tree is behind the tent. 
Jenny is scared of the angry bear. There is a rocket ship in the sky. Mike was so surprised he fell down. 
Mike is sitting on the ground The bear is behind the tree The tent is behind Jenny 
Mike is wearing a hat. Jenny is sad and crying. A bear is standing beside a tent.A 
A wild bear scares Mike and Jenny Mike and Jenny look afraid Mike and Jenny are next to the apple tree 
The bear is scary to Mike and Jenny. Jenny is wearing her favorite pink outfit. The sun is shining high in the sky 
The bear is holding balloons. Mike is startled and Jenny is crying. Mike is holding mustard. 
Jenny and Mike see a snake at the park. Jenny and Mike have a beach ball to play with. The shovel is by the sandbox. 
Mike is happy to play in the sandbox. Jenny is scared of the green snake. Mike is happy for the sunshine. 
Mike is wearing blue. Jenny is wearing purple shades. Jenny is very happy. 
Mike is playing in the sandbox. Jenny is kicking the snake. The sun is behind the clouds. 
Jenny is angry at the snake. There is a pink shovel in the sandbox. Mike is standing next to the sandbox. 
The toys are in the sand box. Mike is jumping in the air. Jenny is trying to scare a snake away. 
Jenny kicked the green snake out of the sandbox. Mike jumped up out of the sandbox. The pink pail and shovel were next to the sandbox. 
There is one cloud in the sky. The snake is slithering away from Mike and Jenny. There is a shovel in the sandbox. 
Mike and Jenny are afraid of the snake. The snake is leaving the sandbox. Mike and Jenny hear a helicopter. 
Jenny and Mike are afraid of the snake. Jenny is playing with a bat. Mike is jumping up. 
It is a sunny day. Mike is carrying a bat and a soda. Jenny is going to throw the baseball. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is holding a ball. Jenny is sitting beside a soccer ball. 
Mike has a soda. Mike brought his baseball bat. Jenny wants to throw the baseball to Mike. 
Mike and Jenny play ball. Mike has a cold drink. An owl sits in the tree. 
Mike is holding a soda. Jenny is going to throw the ball to Mike. Mike is holding the bat. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is holding a base-ball . 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. Mike is holding a soda and bat. Mike is sitting on the ground. 
Jenny and Mike play ball. Mike has a cold drink. Jenny sits by the tree. 
Mike is holding a bat. Jenny is looking very surprised. Mike is wearing blue. 
Mike is holding a baseball bat. Jenny is holding a baseball. Mike is holding a drink. 
Mike throws the ball far. Jenny is wearing a pretty hat. The pie is on the yellow table. 
A bear is near Mike! Mike has a football and is happy. A balloon is in the sky. 
The dog is next to Jenny Mike can't catch the ball. Jenny is angry at Mike for not catching the ball. 
Mike wants Jenny to catch the football. Jenny does not want to play football with Mike. Jenny is sitting next to the tree. 
Jenny is wearing glasses. Jenny is holding the football. Mike wants the football. 
Mike's hat has a star on it. A football is flying through the air. Jenny has a hamburger and a drink. 
Jenny is mad at Mike. Mike is jumping up and down. The blue duck is hiding behind the tree. 
Mike has a football. Jenny is sad because she wants the football. There is a riding toy between Mike and Jenny. 
Jenny is wearing a witch hat. Mike is wearing black sunglasses. It is lightning today. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Jenny is throwing the ball. The duck is standing by Mike. 
Mike is playing with a ball. Jenny is next to the swings. The dog is trying to swing. 
Jenny is next to the swings. Mike is playing with a ball. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is happy to see Mike. Mike is tossing the basketball. The playground has a swing and a slide. 
Jenny was by the swing set. Mike has a basketball. Jenny wants to ride the yellow bumblebee. 
Mike is very surprised. Jenny is very happy. Mike is playing basketball. 
Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike wants to play basketbal. A hot air balloon is in the sky. 
Jenny is standing at the swing set. Mike is throwing a basketball. Jenny is wearing a crown. 
Jenny is very happy. Jenny is wearing a crown. Mike is playing with a basket-ball. 
Jenny is wearing the crown. Mike is throwing the ball. Jenny is jumping in the air. 
Mike is wearing sunglasses. Jenny is wearing a hat. Jenny is next to the swing. 
A duck is between Jenny and Mike. Mike is throwing a ball to Jenny. Jenny is about to catch the ball. 
Jenny is playing in the park with Mike. Mike is catching the beach ball. The duck is standing in the middle of Jenny and Mike. 
Jenny and Mike are throwing a beach ball. The duck is standing near Jenny. A plane is flying overhead. 
Jenny is throwing the ball to Mike. The blue duck is following Jenny. Mike likes to play ball with Jenny. 
The duck has yellow feet. Mike is happy. Mike is wearing sunglasses. 
Mike is wearing the hat. Mike is catching the ball. Jenny is throwing the ball. 
Mike is sitting in the grass. Jenny threw the ball. An airplane is flying in the sky. 
Mike is very happy. jenny is very happy. Mike is near a table. 
Mike is very happy. Mike is playing with jenny. Jenny is happy. 
Mike and Jenny are throwing the beach ball. Mike is afraid the ball will hit the duck. The cat is behind Jenny. 
